9.12.10 Attribute
This managed entity describes a particular attribute type that is supported by the ONT. This ME is
not included in MIB upload.
Relationships
One or more attribute entities are related to each ME entity. More than one ME entity can refer to a
given attribute entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:      This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                        This number is the same that appears in the attributes table in the managed
                        entity ME. Only one instance of each unique attribute need be created. The
                        ONT can assign attribute numbering as it pleases, out of the pool of 64K
                        ids; however, it is suggested that the numbering follow a rational scheme
                        to aid human readability. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Name:                   This attribute contains a 25-byte mnemonic tag for the attribute. Strings
                        shorter than 25 bytes are padded with null characters. (R) (mandatory)
                        (25 bytes)
Size:                   This attribute contains the size of the attribute, in bytes. The value 0
                        indicates that the attribute can have a variable/unknown size. (R)
                        (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Access:                 This attribute represents the OMCI access characteristics of the attribute.
                        The following code points are defined:
                        1    Read.
                        2    Write.
                        3    Read, write.
                        5    Read, Set-by-create.
                        6    Write, Set-by-create.
                        7    Read, write, Set-by-create.
                        (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Format:                 This attribute represents the format of the attribute. The following code
                        points are defined:
                        1    Pointer.
                        2    Bit field.
                        3    Signed integer.
                        4    Unsigned integer.
                        5    String.
                        6    Enumeration (that is, a set of defined code points).
                        7    Table.
                        (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
                            types (pointer, signed integer, unsigned integer) only. For attributes
                            smaller than 4 bytes, the desired numeric value is expressed in 4-byte
                            representation (e.g., the signed one-byte integer 0xFE is expressed as
                            0xFFFF FFFE; the unsigned one-byte integer 0xFE is expressed as
                            0x0000 00FE). (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Upper limit:                This attribute provides the highest value for the attribute. It has the same
                            validity and format as the lower limit attribute. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Bit field:                  This attribute is a mask of the supported bits in a bit field attribute. Valid
                            for bit field type only. A 1 in any position signifies that its code point is
                            supported, while 0 indicates not supported. For bit fields smaller than
                            4 bytes, the attribute is aligned at the least significant end of the mask. (R)
                            (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Code points table:          This attribute lists the code points supported by an enumerated attribute.
                            (R) (mandatory) (2Q bytes, where Q is the number of entries in the table)
Support:                    This attribute represents the level of support of the attribute (same notation
                            as the attribute of the same name in the ME). The following code points
                            are defined:
                            1   Fully supported (supported as defined in this object).
                            2   Unsupported (OMCI returns an error code if accessed).
                            3   Partially supported (some aspects of attribute supported).
                            4   Ignored (OMCI supported, but underlying function is not).
                            (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
