9.12.4 Authentication security method
The authentication security method defines the user id/password configuration to establish a session
between a client and server. This object may be used in the role of the client or server. An instance
of this managed entity is created by the OLT if authenticated communication is necessary.
Relationships
One instance of this management entity may be associated with a network address ME. This ME
may also be cited by other MEs that require authentication parameter management.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity. The
                         value 0xFFFF is not valid. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Validation scheme:       This attribute specifies the validation scheme used when the ONT
                         validates a challenge. Validation schemes are defined as follows:
                         0 Validation disabled.
                         1 Validate using MD5 digest authentication as defined in
                             [IETF RFC 2069] (recommended).
                         3 Validate using basic authentication as defined in [IETF RFC 2617].
                         (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Username 1:              This string attribute is the user name. If the string is shorter than 25 bytes,
                         it must be null terminated (Note). (R, W) (mandatory) (25 bytes)
Password:                This string attribute is the password. If the string is shorter than 25 bytes, it
                         must be null terminated. (R, W) (mandatory) (25 bytes)
Realm:                   This string attribute specifies the realm used in digest authentication. If the
                         string is shorter than 25 bytes, it must be null terminated. (R, W)
                         (mandatory) (25 bytes)
Username 2:              This string attribute allows for continuation of the user name beyond
                         25 characters (Note). Its default value is a null string. (R, W) (optional)
                         (25 bytes)
NOTE − The total username is the concatenation of the username 1 and username 2 attributes if and only if
a) username 1 comprises 25 non-null characters, b) username 2 is supported by the ONT, and c) username 2
contains a leading non-null character string. Otherwise, the total username is simply the value of the
username 1 attribute.
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
