9.3.14 Dot1X port extension package
An instance of this managed entity represents a set of attributes that control a port's
[b-IEEE 802.1X] operation. It is created and deleted autonomously by the ONT upon creation or
deletion of a PPTP that supports 802.1X authentication.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with a physical path termination point that
performs IEEE 802 authentication (i.e., Ethernet or DSL).
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute provides a unique number for each instance of this
                            managed entity. Its value is the same as that of its associated physical
                            path termination point (i.e., slot and port number).
                            NOTE – When the associated port is xDSL, the two most significant bits may
                            be used to indicate a bearer channel. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Dot1x enable:               If set true, this Boolean attribute forces the associated port to
                            authenticate via [b-IEEE 802.1X] as a precondition of normal service.
                            The default value false does not impose 802.1X authentication on the
                            associated port. (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Action register:            This attribute defines a set of actions that can be performed on the
                            associated port. The act of writing to the register causes the specified
                            action.
                            1)    Force reauthentication:  This opcode initiates an 802.1X
                                  reauthentication conversation with the associated port. The port
                                  remains in its currently authorized state until the conversation
                                  concludes.
                            2)    Force unauthenticated:  This opcode initiates an 802.1X
                                  authentication conversation whose outcome is predestined to fail,
                                  thereby disabling normal Ethernet service on the port. The port's
                                  provisioning is not changed, such that upon reinitialization, a
                                  new 802.1X conversation may restore service without prejudice.
                            3)    Force authenticated:  This opcode initiates an 802.1X
                                  authentication conversation whose outcome is predestined to
                                  succeed, thereby unconditionally enabling normal Ethernet
                                  service on the port. The port's provisioning is not changed, such
                                  that upon reinitialization, a new 802.1X conversation is required.
                            (W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Authenticator PAE state:  This attribute returns the value of the port's PAE state. States are
                           further described in [b-IEEE 802.1X]. Values are coded as shown
                           below:
                           0     Initialize.
                           1     Disconnected.
                           2     Connecting.
                           3     Authenticating.
                           4     Authenticated.
                           5     Aborting.
                           6     Held.
                           7     Force auth.
                           8     Force unauth.
                           9     Restart.
                           (R) (optional) (1 byte)
Backend authentication     This attribute returns the value of the port's back-end authentication
state:                     state. States are further described in [b-IEEE 802.1X]. Values are
                           coded as shown below:
                           0     Request.
                           1     Response.
                           2     Success.
                           3     Fail.
                           4     Timeout.
                           5     Idle.
                           6     Initialize.
                           7     Ignore.
                           (R) (optional) (1 byte)
Admin controlled           This attribute controls the directionality of the port's authentication
directions:                requirement. The default value 0 indicates that control is imposed in
                           both directions. The value 1 indicates that control is imposed only on
                           traffic from the subscriber toward the network. (R, W) (optional)
                           (1 byte)
Operational controlled     This attribute indicates the actual directionality of the port's
directions:                authentication. The value 0 indicates that control is imposed in both
                           directions. The value 1 indicates that control is imposed only on traffic
                           from the subscriber toward the network. (R) (optional) (1 byte)
Authenticator controlled This read-only attribute indicates whether the controlled port is
port status:               currently authorized (1) or unauthorized (2). (R) (optional) (1 byte)
Quiet period:              This attribute specifies the interval between EAP request/identity
                           invitations sent to the peer. Other events such as carrier present or
                           EAPOL start frames from the peer may trigger an EAP request/identity
                           frame from the ONT at any time; this attribute controls the ONT's
                           periodic behaviour in the absence of these other inputs. It is expressed
                           in seconds. (R, W) (optional) (2 bytes)
                              the radius server before timing out. Within this maximum interval, the
                              ONT may initiate several retransmissions with exponentially
                              increasing delay. Upon timeout, the ONT may try another radius server
                              if there is one, or invoke the fallback policy, if no alternate radius
                              servers are available. Server timeout is expressed in seconds, with a
                              default value of 30 and a maximum value of 65535 seconds. (R, W)
                              (optional) (2 bytes)
Reauthentication period:  This attribute records the reauthentication interval specified by the
                              radius authentication server. It is expressed in seconds. The attribute is
                              only meaningful after a port has been authenticated. (R) (optional)
                              (2 bytes)
Reauthentication enabled:  This Boolean attribute records whether the radius authentication server
                              has enabled reauthentication on this service (true) or not (false). The
                              attribute is only meaningful after a port has been authenticated. (R)
                              (optional) (1 byte)
Key transmission enabled:  This Boolean attribute indicates whether key transmission is enabled
                              (true) or not (false). This feature is not required; the parameter is listed
                              here for completeness vis-à-vis [b-IEEE 802.1X]. (R, W) (optional)
                              (1 byte)
Actions
Get, set
Notifications
 Alarm
  Number                Alarm                                          Description
      0     Dot1x local authentication –    No radius authentication server was accessible. In accordance
            allowed                         with local policy, the port was allowed access without
                                            authentication.
      1     Dot1x local authentication –    No radius authentication server was accessible. In accordance
            denied                          with local policy, the port was denied access.
   2..207   Reserved
  208..223  Vendor-specific alarms          Not to be standardized
