9.3.21 Dot1ag default MD level
An MHF is a collection of functionality that is not explicitly modelled as a managed entity by either
[b-IEEE 802.1ag] or OMCI. The ONT automatically creates MHFs according to parameters
specified in a dot1ag maintenance domain or a dot1ag maintenance association ME; the dot1ag
default MD level ME catches the corner cases not covered by other MEs, specifically VLANs not
included by any defined MA.
The dot1ag default MD level comprises a configurable table, each entry of which specifies default
MHF functionality for some set of VLANs. Once a set of VLANs is defined, operations to different
table entries or to dot1ag maintenance associations that conflict with the set membership should be
denied. In addition, catch-all attributes are defined to specify MHF functionality when there is no
match to either a table entry or an MA.
Relationships
An ONT that supports [b-IEEE 802.1ag] automatically creates one instance of this ME for each
MAC bridge or 802.1p mapper, depending on the ONT's provisioning model. It should not create an
instance for an 802.1p mapper that is associated with a MAC bridge.
Attributes
Managed entity id:            This attribute uniquely identifies an instance of this managed entity.
                              Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                              instance of the MAC bridge service profile ME or an 802.1p mapper
                              ME. It is expected that an ONT will implement CFM on bridges or on
                              802.1p mappers, but not both, depending on its provisioning model.
                              For precision, the reference is disambiguated by the value of the layer
                              2 type pointer attribute. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Layer 2 type:                 This attribute specifies whether the dot1ag default MD level ME is
                              associated with a MAC bridge service profile (value 0) or an 802.1p
                              mapper (value 1). (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Catchall level:               This attribute ranges from 0..7 and specifies the MD level of MHFs
                              created when no more specific match is found. (R, W) (mandatory)
                              (1 byte)
                        found, the bridge creates an MHF or not. This attribute is an
                        enumeration with the following values:
                        1   None; the bridge creates no MHFs. This is the default value.
                        2   Default. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                            through which the VID can pass.
                        3   Explicit. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                            through which the VID can pass, but only if a MEP exists at some
                            lower maintenance level.
                        (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Catchall sender ID      This attribute determines the content of the sender ID TLV included in
permission:             CFM messages transmitted by maintenance points when no more
                        specific match is found. This attribute is identical to that defined in the
                        description of the dot1ag maintenance domain managed entity (i.e.,
                        excluding codepoint 5, defer). (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Default MD level table: Each entry is a vector of fields, indexed by primary VLAN ID.
Primary VLAN ID         (2 bytes)
Table control:          This field controls the meaning of a set operation. The one-byte size of
                        this field is included in get/get-next operations, but its value is
                        undefined under get-next. (1 byte)
                        1   Add record to table; overwrite existing record, if any.
                        2   Delete record from table.
                        3   Clear all entries from table. This action may affect service and
                            should be used judiciously.
                        Other values reserved.
Status:                 This Boolean field indicates whether this table entry is in effect (true)
                        or whether (false) it has been overridden by the existence of an MA for
                        the same VID and MD level as this table's entry, and on which an up
                        MEP is defined. This attribute is read-only. Space should be allocated
                        for it during set operations, but the value is not used. (1 byte)
Level:                  This field ranges from 0..7 and specifies the MD level of MHFs under
                        the control of this instance of the dot1ag default MD level. The
                        additional value 0xFF instructs the bridge to use the value in the
                        catchall level attribute. (1 byte)
MHF creation:           This attribute determines whether the bridge creates an MHF or not,
                        under circumstances defined in clause 22.2.3 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag].
                        This attribute is an enumeration with the following values (1 byte):
                        1   None; no MHFs are created on this bridge for this MA.
                        2   Default. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                            through which the VID can pass.
                        3   Explicit. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                            through which the VID can pass, but only if a MEP exists at some
                            lower maintenance level.
                                MHF creation attribute. This is recommended to be the default
                                value.
Sender ID permission:       This attribute determines the content of the sender ID TLV included in
                            CFM messages transmitted by maintenance points controlled by this
                            MA. (1 byte)
                            1   None: The sender ID TLV is not to be sent, default.
                            2   Chassis: The chassis ID length, chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID
                                fields of the sender ID TLV are to be sent, but not the management
                                address fields.
                            3   Manage: The management address fields of the sender ID TLV are
                                to be sent, but the chassis ID length is to be transmitted with a 0
                                value, and the chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID fields are not to
                                be sent.
                            4   ChassisManage: All chassis ID and management address fields are
                                to be sent.
                            5   Defer: The content of the sender ID TLV is determined by the
                                catchall sender ID permission attribute.
Associated VLANs list:      This field comprises a list of up to 11 additional VLAN IDs associated
                            with the primary VLAN, 2 bytes each. Unused placeholders, possibly
                            including the entire field, are set to 0. (22 bytes)
                            (R, W) (mandatory) (29 bytes * N entries)
Actions
Get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
