9.3.22 Dot1ag MEP
This managed entity models a maintenance association end point (MEP) as defined primarily in
[b-IEEE 802.1ag] and secondarily in [b-ITU-T Y.1731]. It is created and deleted by the OLT. A
MEP exists at one of eight possible maintenance levels, and resides at the boundary of a
maintenance domain. It inherits a name, and optionally a set of associated VLANs, from its
associated MA.
Relationships
One or more MEPs may be associated with a MAC bridge port or an 802.1p mapper in the absence
of a MAC bridge. A MEP is also associated with zero or more VLANs and a maintenance
association.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Layer 2 entity pointer:     Depending on the value of the layer 2 type attribute, this pointer
                            specifies the MAC bridge port configuration data ME or the 802.1p
                            mapper service profile ME with which this MEP is associated. (R, W,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                            bridge port (value 0) or an 802.1p mapper (value 1). (R, W,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
MA pointer:                 This pointer specifies the maintenance association (MA) with which
                            this MEP is associated. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
MEP ID:                     This attribute specifies the MEP's own identity in the MA. For a given
                            MA, the MEP ID must be unique throughout the network defined by
                            the MD. The MEP ID is defined in the range 1..8191. The default value
                            0 indicates that no MEP ID is (yet) configured. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                            (mandatory) (2 bytes)
MEP control:                This attribute specifies some of the overall behavioural aspects of the
                            MEP. It is interpreted as follows. Ethernet AIS generation should not
                            be enabled simultaneously with CCMs.
    Bit                                 Interpretation when bit value = 1
 1 (LSB)   Reserved
     2     MEP generates continuity check messages, CCMs
     3     Enable Y.1731 server MEP function
     4     Enable generation of Ethernet AIS
     5     This is an up MEP, facing toward the core of the bridge. If more than one MEP exists on a
           given maintenance association and on a given bridge, all such MEPs must face the same
           direction.
   6..8    Reserved
                            (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Primary VLAN:               This attribute is a 12-bit VLAN ID. The value 0 indicates that the MEP
                            inherits its primary VLAN from its parent MA. CFM messages, except
                            forwarded LTMs, are tagged with the primary VLAN ID. If explicitly
                            specified, the value of this attribute must be one of the VLANs
                            associated with the parent MA. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                            (2 bytes)
Administrative state:       This attribute locks (1) and unlocks (0) the functions performed by this
                            managed entity. When the administrative state is set to lock, all
                            functions are blocked, and alarms for this managed entity are no longer
                            generated. Because spurious alarms may be generated during the
                            process of configuring CFM across a network, the default value for this
                            attribute is locked. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
CCM and LTM priority: By default, CCM and LTM frames are transmitted with the highest
                            Ethernet priority available. Ranging from 0..7, this attribute permits
                            these frames to be explicitly prioritized, which may be needed if flows
                            are separated, e.g., by 802.1p priority. The priority specified in this
                            attribute is also used in LTR frames originated by this MEP. (R, W,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
                               received LTRs to be directed to the correct originator. The attribute
                               includes the originator MAC address and a locally-defined identifier. If
                               this field is 0 (default), the ONT uses the MEP's MAC address, with 0
                               as the locally-defined identifier. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                               (8 bytes)
Peer MEP IDs:                  This attribute lists the expected peer MEPs for CCMs, 2 bytes per MEP
                               ID. [b-IEEE 802.1ag] allows for multipoint networks, and therefore a
                               list of peer MEPs. This attribute allows for up to 12 peers for a given
                               MEP, though G-PON applications are expected to need only a single
                               peer. Missing or unexpected messages trigger alarm declaration after a
                               soak interval. Unused peer MEP slots should be set to 0. (R, W)
                               (mandatory) (24 bytes)
ETH AIS control:               This attribute controls the generation of Ethernet AIS frames when
                               they are enabled through the MEP control attribute. It is interpreted as
                               follows:
    Bit                                              Interpretation
 1 (LSB)   Transmission period
               0: Once per second
               1: Once per minute
    2..4   P-bit priority of transmitted ETH AIS frames
    5..7   The maintenance level at which the client MEP exists
     8     Reserved
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory if ETH AIS is enabled) (1 byte)
Fault alarm threshold:         This attribute specifies the lowest priority alarm that is allowed to
                               generate a fault alarm. It is defined as follows:
                               1     All defects generate alarms after suitable soaking, including AIS
                                     and RDICCM.
                               2     Alarm generated only by one of: MACstatus, RemoteCCM,
                                     ErrorCCM, XconCCM. This value is recommended as the default
                                     in [b-IEEE 802.1ag].
                               3     Alarm generated only by one of: RemoteCCM, ErrorCCM,
                                     XconCCM.
                               4     Alarm generated only by one of: ErrorCCM, XconCCM.
                               5     Alarm generated only by: XconCCM.
                               6     No alarms are to be reported. This setting may be useful during
                                     configuration of services across the network when spurious alarms
                                     could otherwise be generated.
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (1 byte)
time:                          MEP declares an alarm. It is expressed in ten-millisecond units with a
                               range of 250 to 1000, i.e., 2.5 to 10 seconds. The default is
                               recommended to be 2.5 seconds. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Alarm clear soak time:         This attribute defines the defect-free soak time that must elapse before
                               the MEP clears an alarm. It is expressed in ten-millisecond units with a
                               range of 250 to 1000, i.e., 2.5 to 10 seconds. The default is
                               recommended to be 10 seconds. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Test:                          The test operation causes the MEP to originate one or more loopback
                               messages (LBMs) or a linktrace message (LTM) in accordance with
                               the message format defined in clause II.2.27.
The link trace test returns its results in a general purpose buffer ME, which must have been created
in advance by the OLT. Upon completion of the linktrace operation, the general purpose buffer
contains a sequence of LTR entries in the order they were received:
            Length field, 2 bytes                                      Length bytes
              Length of LTR1                  LTR: link trace reply 1 (clause 21.9 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag])
              Length of LTR2                  LTR: link trace reply 2
                    Etc.
[b-IEEE 802.1ag] defines the data structure for the linktrace database in detail, but the definition is
essentially the same as the LTR PDU itself. OMCI simply records the messages for parsing and
analysis at the OLT or the EMS.
If the ONT cannot allocate enough memory for the entire list, it keeps the most recent responses and
discards the older LTRs as necessary (LTR1, LTR2, …).
Notifications
 Alarm
    Number                     Alarm                                        Description
        0       RDI CCM                              RDI received in CCM from peer MEP
        1       MAC status                           Port or interface status failure at peer MEP
        2       Remote CCM                           Loss of continuity with peer MEP
        3       Error CCM                            Invalid CCMs received
        4       Xcon CCM                             CCMs received from other MA or lower MD level
        5       Unexpected period                    Unexpected period
        6       AIS                                  Ethernet AIS received
     7..207     Reserved
    208..223    Vendor-specific alarms               Not to be standardized
