9.3.25 Dot1ag CFM stack
This managed entity reports the maintenance status of a bridge's port at any given time. An ONT
that supports [b-IEEE 802.1ag] functionality automatically creates an instance of the dot1ag CFM
stack ME for each MAC bridge or 802.1p mapper, depending on its provisioning model.
The dot1ag CFM stack also lists any VLANs and bridge ports against which configuration errors
are currently identified. The ONT should reject operations that create configuration errors.
However, these errors can arise because of operations on other MEs that are not necessarily possible
to detect during CFM configuration.
An ONT that supports [b-IEEE 802.1ag] creates one instance of this ME for each MAC bridge or
802.1p mapper, depending on its provisioning model. It should not create an instance for an 802.1p
mapper that is associated with a MAC bridge.
Attributes
Managed entity id:           This attribute uniquely identifies an instance of this managed entity.
                             Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                             instance of the MAC bridge service profile ME or an 802.1p mapper
                             ME. It is expected that an ONT will implement CFM on bridges or on
                             802.1p mappers, but not both. For precision, the reference is
                             disambiguated by the value of the layer 2 type pointer attribute. (R)
                             (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Layer 2 type:                This attribute specifies whether the dot1ag CFM stack is associated
                             with a MAC bridge service profile (value 0) or an 802.1p mapper
                             (value 1). (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
MP status table:             This attribute is a list of entries, each entry reporting one aspect of the
                             maintenance status of one port. If a port is associated with more than
                             one CFM maintenance entity, each is represented as a separate item in
                             this table attribute; a port that has no current maintenance functions is
                             not represented in the table (so the table may be empty). Each entry is
                             defined as follows:
                             Port id:  The ME ID of the bridge port config data whose information
                             is reported in this entry. If the layer 2 parent is an 802.1p mapper, a
                             null pointer. (2 bytes)
                             Level:  The level at which the reported maintenance function exists,
                             0..7. (1 byte)
                             Direction:  The value 1 (down) or 2 (up). (1 byte)
                             VLAN ID:  If this table entry reports a maintenance function associated
                             with a VLAN, this field contains the value of the primary VLAN ID. If
                             no VLAN is associated with this entry, this field contains the value 0.
                             (2 bytes)
                             MD:  A pointer to the associated dot1ag maintenance domain ME. If no
                             MD is associated with this entry, a null pointer. (2 bytes)
                             MA:  A pointer to the associated dot1ag maintenance association ME.
                             If no MA is associated with this entry, a null pointer. (2 bytes)
                             MEP ID:  If this table entry reports a MEP, this field contains the value
                             of its MEP ID (range 1..8191). If this table entry reports an MHF, this
                             field contains the value 0. (2 bytes)
                             MAC address:  The MAC address of the maintenance point. (6 bytes)
                             (R) (mandatory) (18N bytes)
Configuration error list     This attribute is based on the [b-IEEE 802.1ag] configuration error list.
table:                       It is a list of entries, each entry reporting a VLAN and a bridge port
                             against which a configuration error has been detected. The table may
                             be empty at any given time. Entries are defined as follows:
                                with a VLAN, this field contains the value of the VLAN ID in error. If
                                no VLAN is associated with this entry, this field contains the value 0.
                                (2 bytes)
                                Port id:  A pointer to the bridge port config data whose information is
                                reported in this entry. If the layer 2 parent is an 802.1p mapper, a null
                                pointer. (2 bytes)
                                Detected configuration error:  A bit mask with the following
                                meanings. A list entry exists if and only if at least one of these bits is
                                set. Definitions appear in clause 22.2.4 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag] (1 byte):
                                0x01     CFM leak. MA x is associated with a specific VID list, one or
                                         more of the VIDs in MA x can pass through the bridge port, no
                                         up MEP is configured for MA x on the bridge port, no down
                                         MEP is configured on any bridge port for MA x, and some
                                         other MA y, at a higher MD level than MA x, and associated
                                         with at least one of the VID(s) also in MA x, does have an
                                         MEP configured on the bridge port.
                                0x02     Conflicting VIDs. MA x is associated with a specific VID list,
                                         an up MEP is configured on MA x on the bridge port, and
                                         some other MA y, associated with at least one of the VID(s)
                                         also in MA x, and at the same MD level as MA x, also has an
                                         up MEP configured on some bridge port.
                                0x04     Excessive levels. The number of different MD levels at which
                                         MIPs are to be created on this port exceeds the bridge's
                                         capabilities.
                                0x08     Overlapped levels. An MEP is created for one VID at one MD
                                         level, but an MEP is also configured on another VID at that
                                         MD level or higher, exceeding the bridge's capabilities.
                                (R) (mandatory) (5N bytes)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
 Attribute value change
  Number     Attribute value change                                    Description
    1..2    Reserved
     3      Config error list table       This AVC indicates that an entry in the configuration error list
                                          table has been added or removed. It may be advisable for the OLT
                                          to audit the configuration of related MEs.
   4..16    Reserved
