9.3.19 Dot1ag maintenance domain
A maintenance domain (MD) is a context within which CFM connectivity verification can occur.
Individual services (maintenance associations: MAs) exist within an MD. A maintenance domain is
created and deleted by the OLT. The MD managed entity is specified by [b-IEEE 802.1ag] in such a
way that the same provisioning can be used for all associated systems in a network; the OMCI
definition accordingly avoids ONT-specific information such as pointers.
Relationships
Several MDs may be associated with a given bridge, at various MD levels, and a given MD may be
associated with any number of bridges.
Attributes
Managed entity id:            This attribute uniquely identifies an instance of this managed entity.
                              The values 0 and 0xFFFF are reserved. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                              (2 bytes)
MD level:                     This attribute ranges from 0..7 and specifies the maintenance level of
                              this MD. Higher numbers have wider geographic scope. (R, W,
                              Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
MD name format:               This attribute specifies one of several possible formats for the MD
                              name attribute. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
   Value         MD name format                       MD name attribute                  Defined in
      1      None                         No MD name present                         [b-IEEE 802.1ag]
      2      DNS-like name                Globally unique text string derived from a         "
                                          DNS name
      3      MAC addr and UINT            MAC address, followed by a two-octet               "
                                          unsigned integer, total length 8 bytes
      4      Character string             String of printable characters. This is            "
                                          recommended to be the default value.
     32      ICC-based                    ITU carrier code followed by locally       [b-ITU-T Y.1731]
                                          assigned UMC code, 13 bytes with trailing      (Annex A)
                                          nulls as needed
   Others    Reserved
                         value is the left-justified maintenance domain name. The MD name
                         may or may not be a printable character string, so an octet string is the
                         appropriate representation. If the MD name format specifies a
                         DNS-like name or a character string, the string is null-terminated;
                         otherwise its length is determined by the MD name format. If the MD
                         has no name (MD name format = 0), this attribute is undefined. Note
                         that binary comparisons of the MD name are made in other CFM state
                         machines, so blanks, alphabetic case, etc., are significant. Further note
                         that the maintenance domain name and the maintenance association
                         name must be packed (with additional bytes) into 48-byte CFM
                         message headers. (R, W) (mandatory if MD name format is not 1)
                         (25 bytes * 2 attributes)
MHF creation:            This attribute determines whether an associated bridge creates an MHF
                         for this MD or not, under circumstances defined in clause 22.2.3 of
                         [b-IEEE 802.1ag]. This attribute is an enumeration with the following
                         values:
                         1    None, the default value.
                         2    Default. The bridge can create MHFs on an associated VID on any
                              port through which the VID can pass, where: i) there are no lower
                              active MD levels or ii) there is a MEP at the next lower active MD
                              level on the port.
                         3    Explicit. The bridge can create MHFs on an associated VID on any
                              port through which the VID can pass, but only if a MEP exists at
                              some lower maintenance level.
                         (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Sender ID permission:    This attribute determines the content of the sender ID TLV included in
                         CFM messages transmitted by maintenance points controlled by this
                         MD. Chassis ID and management address information is available
                         from the dot1ag chassis-management info managed entity. The
                         attribute is an enumeration with the following values:
                         1    None: The sender ID TLV is not to be sent, default.
                         2    Chassis: The chassis ID length, chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID
                              fields of the sender ID TLV are to be sent, but not the management
                              address fields.
                         3    Manage: The management address fields of the sender ID TLV are
                              to be sent, but the chassis ID length is to be transmitted with a
                              0 value, and the chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID fields are not to
                              be sent.
                         4    ChassisManage: All chassis ID and management address fields are
                              to be sent.
                         (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
This managed entity models an IEEE 802.1 service defined on a bridge port. A maintenance
association (MA) is a set of endpoints on opposite sides of a network, all existing at a defined
maintenance level. One of the endpoints resides on the local ONT; the others are understood to be
configured in a consistent way on external equipments. [b-ITU-T Y.1731] refers to the MA as a
maintenance entity group (MEG).
A maintenance association is created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
Any number of MAs may be associated with a given maintenance domain, or may stand on their
own without an MD. One or more MAs may be associated with a MAC bridge or 802.1p mapper.
An MA exists at one of eight possible maintenance levels.
Attributes
Managed entity id:            This attribute uniquely identifies an instance of this managed entity.
                              The values 0 and 0xffff are reserved. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                              (2 bytes)
MD pointer:                   This pointer specifies the dot1ag maintenance domain with which this
                              MA is associated. The default null pointer specifies that the MA is not
                              associated with an MD. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Short MA name format:         This attribute specifies one of several possible formats for the short
                              MA name attribute. Value 1, the primary VLAN ID, is recommended
                              to be the default. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
   Value          Short MA name format                            Short MA name attribute
      1      Primary VID                           2 octets, 12 LSBs specify primary VID, 0 if none
      2      Character string                      String of up to 45 printable characters
      3      Two-byte integer                      2-octet unsigned integer
      4      VPN ID                                7 octets, as defined in [b-IETF RFC 2685]
    Other    Reserved
Short MA name 1, Short These two attributes may be regarded as an octet string whose value is
MA name 2:                    the left-justified maintenance association name. Because the MA name
                              may or may not be a printable character string, an octet string is the
                              appropriate representation. If the short MA name format specifies a
                              character string, the string is null-terminated; otherwise its length is
                              determined by the short MA name format. Note that binary
                              comparisons of the short MA name are made in other CFM state
                              machines, so blanks, alphabetic case, etc., are significant. Further note
                              that the maintenance domain name and the maintenance association
                              short name must be packed (with additional bytes) into 48-byte CFM
                              message headers. (R, W) (mandatory) (25 bytes * 2 attributes)
                      the rate at which they are generated. The MEP also expects to receive
                      CCMs from each of the other MEPs in its CC database at this rate.
                      0:  CCM transmission disabled.
                      1:  3.33 ms.
                      2:  10 ms.
                      3:  100 ms.
                      4:  1 s.
                      5:  10 s.
                      6:  1 min.
                      7:  10 min.
                      Short intervals should be used judiciously, as they can interfere with
                      the network's ability to handle subscriber traffic. The recommended
                      value is 1 second. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Associated VLANs:     This attribute is a list of up to 12 VLAN IDs with which this MA is
                      associated. Once a set of VLANs is defined, the ONT should deny
                      operations to other dot1ag maintenance associations or dot1ag default
                      MD level entries that conflict with the set membership. The all-zeros
                      value indicates that this MA is not associated with any VLANs.
                      Assuming that the attribute is not 0, the first entry is understood to be
                      the primary VLAN. Except forwarded LTMs, CFM messages emitted
                      by maintenance points in this MA are tagged with the primary VLAN
                      ID. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes/entry * 12 entries = 24 bytes)
MHF creation:         This attribute determines whether the bridge creates an MHF or not,
                      under circumstances defined in clause 22.2.3 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag].
                      This attribute is an enumeration with the following values:
                      1   None; no MHFs are created on this bridge for this MA.
                      2   Default. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                          through which the VID can pass.
                      3   Explicit. The bridge can create MHFs on this VID on any port
                          through which the VID can pass, but only if a MEP exists at some
                          lower maintenance level.
                      4   Defer. This value causes the ONT to use the setting of the parent
                          MD. This is recommended to be the default value.
                      (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Sender ID permission: This attribute determines the content of the sender ID TLV included in
                      CFM messages transmitted by maintenance points controlled by this
                      MA. This attribute is the same as that defined in the description of the
                      dot1ag maintenance domain managed entity, with the addition of code
                      point 5.
                      1   None: The sender ID TLV is not to be sent, default.
                      2   Chassis: The chassis ID length, chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID
                          fields of the sender ID TLV are to be sent, but not the management
                          address fields.
                                  to be sent, but the chassis ID length is to be transmitted with a 0
                                  value, and the chassis ID subtype, and chassis ID fields are not to
                                  be sent.
                              4   ChassisManage: All chassis ID and management address fields are
                                  to be sent.
                              5   Defer: The content of the sender ID TLV is determined by the
                                  corresponding maintenance domain attribute. This is recommended
                                  to be the default value.
                              (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
