9.3.23 Dot1ag MEP status
This managed entity is the read-only twin of the dot1ag MEP. Its purpose is to return information
that may help in system- or network-level troubleshooting. It is automatically created and deleted
by the ONT at the time its MEP is created or deleted.
As the reporter of ephemeral information, the dot1ag MEP status ME is not persistent and is not
included in MIB uploads.
Relationships
A dot1ag MEP status ME is associated with a dot1ag MEP ME.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                            instance of the dot1ag MEP ME. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
MEP MAC address:            This attribute records the MEP's MAC address. (R) (mandatory)
                            (6 bytes)
Fault notification          This attribute records the current state of the MEP's fault notification
generator state:            generator state machine. States are defined in clause 20.35 of
                            [b-IEEE 802.1ag].
                            1     Reset
                            2     Defect
                            3     Report defect
                            4     Defect reported
                            5     Defect clearing
                            (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Highest priority defect     This attribute records the highest priority defect observed since the
observed:                   fault notification state machine was last in reset state. In increasing
                            priority order, possible values are:
                            0     No defect observed.
                            1     Received a CCM from a remote MEP in which the RDI bit was
                                  set.
                            2     Received a CCM from a remote MEP in which the port status or
                                  interface status TLV reported an error.
                            3     No CCMs received for at least 3.5 * CCM interval from at least
                                  one remote MEP in the MA.
                            4     Received invalid CCMs for at least 3.5 * CCM interval.
                            5     Received CCMs for at least 3.5 * CCM interval that could be
                                  from some other MA.
                            (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Current defects:            This attribute is a bit field that signals several events of interest in real
                            time.
                             1 (LSB) Some other MEP in the same MA is currently transmitting
                                       RDI.
                             2         A port status or interface status TLV received from some other
                                       MEP in the MA is currently indicating an error condition.
                             3         CCMs have not been received for at least 3.5 * CCM interval
                                       from at least one of the expected remote MEPs.
                             4         Erroneous CCMs have been received for at least 3.5 * CCM
                                       interval from at least one of the remote MEPs in this MA.
                             5         CCMs have been received for at least 3.5 * CCM interval
                                       from a MEP that is not configured into the current MA.
                             6..8      Reserved
                             (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Last received errored        This attribute contains the most recently received CCM that
CCM:                         contributed to a defErrorCCM fault. If no such CCM has been
                             received, this attribute is null. The format of the CCM is defined in
                             clause 21.6 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag]. (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, not to
                             exceed 128)
Last received xcon CCM:  This attribute contains the most recently received CCM that
                             contributed to a defXconCCM fault. If no such CCM has been
                             received, this attribute is null. (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, not to exceed
                             128)
Out of sequence CCMs         This attribute records the number of out of sequence CCMs received.
count:                       When the counter is full, it rolls over to 0. (R) (optional) (4 bytes)
CCMs transmitted count:  This attribute records the number of CCMs transmitted. It may be used
                             as the sequence number of transmitted CCMs. When the counter is full,
                             it rolls over to 0. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Unexpected LTRs count:  This attribute records the number of unexpected LTRs received. When
                             the counter is full, it rolls over to 0. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
LBRs transmitted count:  This attribute records the number of LBRs transmitted. When the
                             counter is full, it rolls over to 0. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Next loopback transaction This attribute is the value of the transaction number sent in the next
identifier:                  LBM to be transmitted. It is not required to persist over ONT
                             initialization, but it should be initialized to a random value. It
                             increments with each LBM sent, and rolls over when full. (R)
                             (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Next link trace transaction This attribute is the value of the transaction number sent in the next
identifier:                  LTM to be transmitted. It is not required to persist over ONT
                             initialization. It increments with each LTM sent, and rolls over when
                             full. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None. This managed entity does not generate AVCs because its attributes change frequently in real
time, but are generally only of interest after the corresponding MEP declares an alarm.
This managed entity records the recent history of remote MEPs, as deduced by the local parent
MEP. Because records are of variable length, and are constantly updated, a separate attribute is
defined for each remote MEP. The dot1ag MEP CCM database is automatically created or deleted
by the ONT at the time a MEP is created or deleted.
As the reporter of ephemeral information, the dot1ag MEP CCM database ME is not persistent and
is not included in MIB uploads.
Relationships
A dot1ag MEP CCM database ME is associated with a dot1ag MEP ME.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                            instance of the dot1ag MEP ME. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                            Each of the following RMEP database table attributes records
                            information for one of the possible remote MEPs. It is expected that
                            there will be only one remote MEP per MA in G-PON applications, but
                            the ME is defined in a way that permits several RMEPs. The optional
                            attributes are instantiated by the ONT when additional remote MEPs
                            are provisioned on the local MEP. Remote MEP records appear in no
                            particular order, and the order is not guaranteed to persist across ONT
                            initializations.
RMEP 1 database table:      (R) (mandatory) (N bytes)
RMEP 2 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 3 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 4 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 5 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 6 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 7 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 8 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 9 database table:      (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 10 database table: (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 11 database table: (R) (optional) (N bytes)
RMEP 12 database table: (R) (optional) (N bytes)
                            Each attribute is a record that comprises the following fields:
                                  RMep identifier. The MEP ID of the remote MEP. (2 bytes)
                                                    (1 byte):
                                        1   Idle. Momentary state during reset.
                                        2   Start. The timer has not expired since the state machine
                                            was reset, but no valid CCM has yet been received.
                                        3   Failed. The timer has expired since the state machine was
                                            reset and since a valid CCM was received.
                                        4   Ok. The timer has not expired since a valid CCM was
                                            received.
                                    Failed-ok time. A timestamp, the value of the local ONT's
                                    SysUpTime at which the remote MEP state last entered either the
                                    failed or ok state. SysUpTime is a count of 10-ms intervals since
                                    ONT initialization. The value 0 if it has not been in either of these
                                    states since ONT initialization. (4 bytes)
                                    MAC address. The MAC address of the remote RMEP. If no
                                    CCM has been received from the remote MEP, this field has the
                                    value 0. (6 bytes)
                                    RDI. Boolean indicating whether the RDI bit in the most recently
                                    received CCM was set. (1 byte)
                                    Port status. The port status from the most recently received
                                    CCM, as defined in clause 21.5.4 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag]. The
                                    absence of a received port status TLV is indicated by the value 0.
                                    (1 byte)
                                    Interface status. The interface status from the most recently
                                    received CCM, as defined in clause 21.5.5 of [b-IEEE 802.1ag].
                                    The absence of a received interface status TLV is indicated by the
                                    value 0. (1 byte)
                                    Sender ID TLV. This is the actual sender ID TLV from the most
                                    recently received CCM, as defined in clause 21.5.3 of
                                    [b-IEEE 802.1ag]. The absence of a received sender ID TLV is
                                    indicated by a single byte of value 0. (M bytes)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None. The MEP CCM database table attributes do not generate AVCs because they change
constantly in real time, usually in ways that are of no immediate interest.
