9.8.9     Ethernet flow termination point
The Ethernet flow termination point contains the attributes necessary to originate and terminate
Ethernet frames in the ONT. It is appropriate when transporting pseudowire services via layer 2.
Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
One Ethernet flow termination point ME exists for each distinct pseudowire service that is
transported via layer 2.
Attributes
Managed entity id:               This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                 entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                                 linked to an instance of the ME that is the termination point of its
                                 traffic (e.g., a pseudowire termination point managed entity). (R,
                                 Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Destination MAC:                 This attribute specifies the MAC address of the destination Ethernet
                                 frames. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (6 bytes)
Source MAC:                      This attribute specifies the near-end MAC address. It is established
                                 by non-OMCI means (e.g., factory programmed into ONT flash
                                 memory) and included here for information only. (R) (mandatory)
                                 (6 bytes)
Tag policy:                      This attribute specifies the tagging policy to be applied to upstream
                                 Ethernet frames:
                                 0    untagged frame (default).
                                 1    tagged frame.
                                 (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
TCI:                             If the tag policy calls for tagging of upstream Ethernet frames, this
                                 attribute specifies the tag control information, which includes the
                                 VLAN tag, P-bits and CFI bit. (R, W) (optional) (2 bytes)
Loopback:                        This attribute sets the loopback configuration:
                                 0 No loopback.
                                 1 Loopback of downstream traffic at MAC client.
                                 (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
