9.3.13 Extended VLAN tagging operation configuration data
This managed entity organizes data associated with VLAN tagging. Regardless of its point of
attachment, the specified tagging operations refer to the upstream direction. Instances of this
managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
Zero or one instance(s) of this managed entity may exist for an instance of any managed entity that
can terminate or modify an Ethernet stream. By definition, tagging operation occurs farther away
from the MAC bridge than filtering.
Attributes
Managed entity id:        This attribute provides a unique number for each instance of this
                          managed entity. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)

Association type:         This attribute identifies the type of the ME associated with this
                          extended VLAN tagging ME. Values are assigned as follows:
                          0     MAC bridge port configuration data.
                          1     802.1p mapper service profile.
                          2     Physical path termination point Ethernet UNI.
                          3     IP host config data.
                          4     Physical path termination point xDSL UNI.
                          5     GEM interworking termination point.
                          6     Multicast GEM interworking termination point.
                          7     Physical path termination point MoCA UNI.
                          8     Physical path termination point 802.11 UNI.
                          9     Ethernet flow termination point.
                          (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)

Rcv frm VLAN              This attribute indicates the maximum number of VLAN tagging
tagging opt table         operation entries that can be set in the received frame VLAN tagging
max size:                 operation table. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)

Input TPID:               This attribute gives the special TPID value for operations on the input
                          (filtering) side of the table. Typical values include 0x88a8 and 0x9100.
                          (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)

Output TPID:              This attribute gives the special TPID value for operations on the output
                          (tagging) side of the table. Typical values include 0x88a8 and 0x9100.
                          (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)

Downstream mode:         Regardless of its association, the extended VLAN tagging operation
                         configuration data ME pertains to upstream traffic. This attribute
                         specifies the mode for downstream mapping:
                         0     The operation performed in the downstream direction is the
                               inverse of that performed in the upstream direction. For
                               one-to-one VLAN mappings, the inverse is trivially defined.
                               Many-to-one mappings are possible, however, and these are
                               treated as follows. If the many-to-one mapping results from
                               multiple operation rules producing the same ANI-side tag
                               configuration, then the first rule in the list defines the inverse
                               operation. If the many-to-one mapping results from "do not care"
                               fields in the filter being replaced with provisioned fields in the
                               ANI-side tags, then the inverse is defined to set the corresponding
                               fields on the ANI-side with their lowest value.
                         1     No operation is performed in the downstream direction.
                         All other values are reserved. (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)

Rcv frm VLAN             This attribute is a table that filters and tags upstream frames. Each
tagging opt table:       entry represents a tagging rule, comprising a filtering part (the first
                         7 fields) and a treatment part (the last 7 fields). Each incoming
                         upstream packet is matched against each rule in list order. The first rule
                         that matches the packet is selected as the active rule, and the packet is
                         then treated according to that rule.
                         There are three categories of rules:  zero-tag, single-tag, and double-tag
                         rules. Logically, these categories are separate, and apply to their
                         respective incoming frame types. In other words, a single-tag rule
                         should not apply to a double-tagged frame, even though the single-tag
                         rule might match the outer tag of the double-tagged frame.
                         Single-tag rules have a filter outer priority field = 15 (indicating no
                         external tag), zero-tag rules have both filter priority fields = 15
                         (indicating no tags), and double-tag rules have both filter priority fields
                         set to a value that is different from 15 (indicating two tags).
                         Each tagging rule is based on 'remove' and 'add' operation, where up to
                         two tags can be removed or added. A modify operation is applied by
                         the combination of 'remove' and 'add'.
                         Note that when a single tag is added, the treatments use the 'inner tag'
                         data-fields for definiteness – this is true even for treatments where a
                         single tag is added to a frame that already has a tag, i.e., added as a
                         second tag. The 'outer tag' data-fields are used only when two tags are
                         added by the same rule.
                         The terms 'inner' and 'outer' only have meaning with respect to the tags
                         that are being filtered or added.
                         One set operation can add, modify or delete one entry. The first 8 bytes
                         of each entry are guaranteed to be unique, and are used to identify table
                         entries (list order, above, refers to a sort on the first 8 bytes). The OLT
                         deletes a table entry by setting its last eight bytes to all 0xFF.
                         When the table is created, the ONT should predefine three entries that
                         list the default treatment (of normal forwarding) for untagged,
                         single-tagged, and double-tagged frames. As an exception to the rule
                         on ordered processing, these default rules are always considered as a
                         last resort for frames that do not match any other applicable rule. Best
                         practice dictates that these entries not be deleted; however, they can be
                         modified to produce the desired default behaviour.
                         15, x, x, 15, x, x, x, (0, 15, x, x, 15, x, x)
                         15, x, x, 14, x, x, x, (0, 15, x, x, 15, x, x)
                         14, x, x, 14, x, x, x, (0, 15, x, x, 15, x, x)
                         NOTE 1 – x is a "do not care" field and should be set to zero.
                        (R, W) (mandatory) (16N bytes)


Associated ME pointer:       This attribute points to the ME with which this extended VLAN
                             tagging operation configuration data ME is associated.
                             NOTE 3 – When the association type is xDSL, the two most significant bits
                             may be used to indicate a bearer channel.
                             (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
                             
