9.2.8    GAL Ethernet performance monitoring history data
This managed entity collects performance monitoring data associated with a GEM interworking
termination point when the GEM layer provides Ethernet service. Instances of this managed entity
are created and deleted by the OLT.
For a complete discussion of generic PM architecture, refer to clause I.1.9.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of the GEM interworking
termination point managed entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:           This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                             Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                             instance of the GEM interworking TP. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                             (2 bytes)
Interval end time:           This attribute identifies the most recently finished 15-minute interval.
                             (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Threshold data 1/2 id:       This attribute points to an instance of the threshold data 1 managed
                             entity that contains PM threshold values. Since no threshold value
                             attribute number exceeds 7, a threshold data 2 ME is optional. (R, W,
                             Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Discarded frames:            This attribute counts the number of downstream GEM frames
                             discarded for any reason (erroneous FCS, too long, buffer overflow,
                             etc.). (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Create, delete, get, set
Get current data (optional)
Notifications
 Threshold crossing alert
      Number               Threshold crossing alert             Threshold value attribute # (Note)
          0           Discarded frames                                           1
 NOTE – This number associates the TCA with the specified threshold value attribute of the threshold
 data 1 managed entity.
