9.12.12 General purpose buffer
This managed entity is created by the OLT when needed to store the results of an operation, such as
a test command, that needs to return a block of data of indeterminate size. The buffer is retrieved
with get next operations, since its size is not known a priori. An instance of this ME is created and
deleted by the OLT, and typically made known to an ONT ME or action through a pointer.
The ME is defined as generically as possible, such that it can be used for other applications that
may not initially be apparent, such as logging. The format of its contents is specific to each
application, and is documented there.
The general purpose buffer is neither captured in a MIB upload, nor retained in non-volatile ONT
memory.
Relationships
Through a pointer, the OLT may associate a general purpose buffer with an ME and/or an operation
that has a need to create large or indeterminate blocks of data for subsequent upload.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Maximum size:            The ONT determines the actual size of the buffer table in the process of
                         capturing the data directed to it. The maximum size attribute permits the
                         OLT to restrict the maximum size of the buffer table. The default value 0
                         indicates that the OLT imposes no limit on the size; it is recognized that
                         ONT implementations will impose their own limits. The ONT will not
                         create a buffer table larger than this value. If the ONT cannot allocate
                         enough memory to accommodate this size, it should deny the ME creation
                         action or a write operation that attempts to expand an existing ME. (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (4 bytes)
Buffer table:            This attribute is an octet string that contains the result of some operation
                         performed on the ONT. The exact content depends on the operation, and is
                         documented with the definition of each operation. (R) (mandatory) (N bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next
 Attribute value change
     Number            Attribute value change                              Description
         1          Reserved
                                                    This AVC indicates that the ONT has completed
                                                    writing the buffer, and thereby signals the OLT that the
         2          Buffer table
                                                    operation is complete and the buffer is available for
                                                    upload
       3..16        Reserved
