9.4.3    IP port configuration data
This managed entity organizes data associated with IP port provisioning. Instances of this managed
entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
Any number of instances of this managed entity may be associated with an IP router service profile
and an ARP service profile. Each IP port instance is associated with zero or one instance of a GEM
interworking termination point or native LAN (e.g., Ethernet) PPTP.
Attributes
Managed entity id:            This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                              (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Port num:                     This attribute numbers the port. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                              (1 byte)
                      this IP port.
                      1     PPTP Ethernet UNI.
                      2     GEM interworking TP.
                      3     MAC bridge port configuration data.
                      4     802.1p mapper service profile.
                      5     Physical path termination point xDSL UNI.
                      6     Multicast GEM interworking termination point.
                      7     Physical path termination point MoCA UNI.
                      8     Physical path termination point 802.11 UNI.
                      9     Ethernet flow termination point.
                      (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
TP pointer:           This attribute points to the instance of the TP associated with this port.
                      The type of the associated TP is determined by the TP type attribute.
                      The value 0xFFFF is a null pointer.
                      NOTE – When the TP type is xDSL, the two most significant bits may be used
                      to indicate a bearer channel. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Port address:         This attribute specifies the provisioned IP address. The value 0 indicates
                      that no IP address is assigned to the port. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                      (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Port mask:            This attribute specifies the IP address mask associated with the port.
                      The value 0 indicates that no address mask is assigned to this port.
                      (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Unnumbered:           The Boolean value true specifies that this IP port is unnumbered. The
                      value false specifies that the port has an IP address. (R, W,
                      Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Administrative state: This attribute locks (1) and unlocks (0) the functions performed by this
                      managed entity. When the administrative state is set to lock, all user
                      functions of this port are blocked, and alarms, TCAs and AVCs for this
                      port and all dependent managed entities are no longer generated.
                      Selection of a default value for this attribute is outside the scope of this
                      Recommendation. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Port state:           This attribute provides status information on the port. Valid values are
                      up (0) and down (1). (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Allow remote access:  The Boolean value true specifies that remote access is enabled for this
                      IP port. The value false disables remote access. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                      (mandatory) (1 byte)
Router id pointer:    This attribute points to an instance of the IP router service profile. The
                      value 0xFFFF indicates that this port is not associated with an IP router.
                      (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
ARP pointer:          This attribute points to the instance of ARP service profile associated
                      with the port. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Encapsulation method: This attribute is not used. If it is present, its value should be set to 1. (R,
                      W) (optional) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
