9.4.7   IP router performance monitoring history data 2
This managed entity collects additional IP-related performance monitoring data at an IP router. An
instance of this managed entity is created and deleted by the OLT.
For a complete discussion of generic PM architecture, refer to clause I.1.9.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of the IP router service profile.
Attributes
Managed entity id:         This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                           Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                           instance of the IP router service profile. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                           (2 bytes)
Interval end time:         This attribute identifies the most recently finished 15-minute interval. (R)
                           (mandatory) (1 byte)
Threshold data 1/2 id:     This attribute points to an instance of the threshold data 1 managed entity
                           that contains PM threshold values. Since no threshold value attribute
                           number exceeds 7, a threshold data 2 ME is optional. (R, W,
                           Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Ip reasm reqds counter: This attribute counts received packets that needed to be reassembled. (R)
                           (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Ip reasm OKs counter:      This attribute counts packets successfully re-assembled. (R) (mandatory)
                           (4 bytes)
Ip reasm fails counter:    This attribute counts failures of the IP re-assembly algorithm for any
                           reason: timed out, errors, etc. This is not necessarily a count of discarded
                           IP fragments, since some algorithms (notably the algorithm in
                           [IETF RFC 815]) can lose track of the number of fragments by
                           combining them as they are received. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Ip frag OKs counter:       This attribute counts packets that were successfully fragmented. (R)
                           (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Ip frag fails counter:     This attribute counts packets that were discarded because they needed to
                           be fragmented but could not be, e.g., because the do not fragment flag
                           was set. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Ip frag creates counter: This attribute counts IP fragments that were generated as a result of
                           fragmentation. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Get current data (optional)
 Threshold crossing alert
      Number                 Threshold crossing alert             Threshold value attribute # (Note)
          0           Ip reasm reqds                                               1
          1           Ip reasm OKs                                                 2
          2           Ip reasm fails                                               3
          3           Ip frag OKs                                                  4
          4           Ip frag fails                                                5
          5           Ip frag creates                                              6
 NOTE – This number associates the TCA with the specified threshold value attribute of the threshold
 data 1 managed entity.
