9.12.5 Large string
The large string managed entity holds strings longer than 25 bytes, up to 375 bytes. It is maintained
in up to 15 parts, each part containing 25 bytes. If the final part contains fewer than 25 bytes, it is
terminated by at least one null byte. For example:
           Number of parts          3
           Part 1                   sftp://myusername:mypassw
           Part 2                   ord@config.telecom.com:12
           Part 3                   34/path/to/filename<null>
Or
           Number of parts          3
           Part 1                   sftp://myusername:mypassw
           Part 2                   ord@config.telecom.com:12
           Part 3                   34/path/to/longfilename<null>
Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT. To use this managed entity,
the OLT instantiates the large string ME and then points to the created ME from other ME
instances. Systems that maintain the large string should ensure that the large string ME is not
deleted while it is still linked.
Relationships
An instance of this ME may be cited by any ME that requires a text string longer than 25 bytes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity. The
                            value 0xFFFF is not valid. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Number of parts:            This attribute specifies the number of non-empty parts that form the large
                            string. This attribute defaults to 0 to indicate no large string is defined.
                            (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte).
Fifteen additional attributes are defined below; they are identical. The large string is simply divided
into as many parts as necessary, starting at part 1. If the end of the string does not lie at a part
boundary, it is marked with a null byte.
Part 1, Part 2, Part 3, Part 4, Part 5, Part 6, Part 7, Part 8, Part 9, Part 10, Part 11, Part 12,
Part 13, Part 14, Part 15: (R, W) (mandatory) (25 bytes * 15 attributes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
Threshold data is partitioned into two MEs to permit the set-by-create operation on all attributes, as
limited by OMCI message size. An instance of this managed entity, together with an optional
instance of the threshold data 2 ME, contains threshold values for performance monitoring counters
in history data managed entities.
For a complete discussion of generic PM architecture, refer to clause I.1.9.
Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be related to multiple instances of performance monitoring
history data type managed entities. Managed entities that support PM functionality are listed in
clause 7.3.
Paired instances of threshold data 1 ME and threshold data 2 ME are implicitly linked together
through a common ME ID.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
The following seven attributes specify threshold values for seven thresholded counters in associated
PM history data MEs. The definition of each PM history ME includes a table that links each
thresholded counter to one of these threshold value attributes.
Threshold value 1:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 2:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 3:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 4:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 5:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 6:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Threshold value 7:       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
