9.3.6   MAC bridge port filter table data
This managed entity organizes data associated with a bridge port. The ONT automatically creates or
deletes an instance of this managed entity upon the creation or deletion of a MAC bridge port
configuration data managed entity.
NOTE – The OLT should disable learning mode in the MAC bridge service profile before writing to the
MAC filter table.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of a MAC bridge port
configuration data managed entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:            This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                              Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                              instance of the MAC bridge port configuration data ME. (R)
                              (mandatory) (2 bytes)
MAC filter table:             This attribute lists MAC destination addresses associated with the
                              bridge port, each with an allow/disallow forwarding indicator for
                              traffic flowing out of the bridge port. In this way, the upstream traffic
                              is filtered on the ANI-side bridge ports, and the downstream traffic is
                              filtered on the UNI-side bridge ports. Each entry contains:
                              The entry number, an index into this attribute list (1 byte).
                              Filter byte (1 byte).
                              MAC address (6 bytes).
                              The bits of the filter byte are assigned as follows:
                              Bit           Name               Setting
                              1 (LSB)       Filter/forward     0: forward
                                                               1: filter
                              2..7          Reserved           0
                              8             Add/remove         0: remove this entry (set operation)
                                                               1: add this entry
                              Upon ME instantiation, the ONT sets this attribute to an empty table.
                              One OMCI set message can convey a maximum of three table entries.
                              However, OMCI does not provide robust exception handling when
                              more than one entry is included in a set command, and multiple entries
                              per set operation are not recommended.
                              (R, W) (mandatory) (8N bytes, where N is the number of entries in the
                              list)
Actions
Get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
