9.9.17 MGC performance monitoring history data
NOTE – This managed entity was formerly known under the name MGC monitoring data.
The MGC monitoring data managed entity provides run-time statistics for an active MGC
association. Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
For a complete discussion of generic PM architecture, refer to clause I.1.9.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of the MGC config data or MGC
config portal ME.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                            instance of the associated MGC config data. If a non-OMCI
                            configuration method is used, the managed entity id is 0. (R,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Interval end time:          This attribute identifies the most recently finished 15-minute interval. (R)
                            (mandatory) (1 byte)
Threshold data 1/2 id:      This attribute points to an instance of the threshold data 1 managed entity
                            that contains PM threshold values. Since no threshold value attribute
                            number exceeds 7, a threshold data 2 ME is optional. (R, W,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Received messages:          This attribute counts the number of received Megaco messages on this
                            association, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Received octets:            This attribute counts the total number of octets received on this
                            association, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Sent messages:              This attribute counts the total number of Megaco messages sent over this
                            association, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Sent octets:                This attribute counts the total number of octets sent over this association,
                            as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Protocol errors:            This attribute counts the total number of errors detected on this
                            association, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. This includes:
                            •        Syntax errors detected in a given received message.
                            •        Outgoing transactions that failed for protocol reasons.
                            (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Transport losses:           This attribute counts the total number of transport losses (for example,
                            socket problems) detected on this association. A link loss is defined as
                            loss of communication with the remote entity due to hardware/transient
                          problems, or problems in related software. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Last detected event:      This attribute reports the last event detected on this association. This
                          includes events such as the link failing or being set up. This field is an
                          enumeration:
                          0    No event – No event has been detected as yet.
                          1    Link up – The transport link underpinning the association came up.
                          2    Link down – The transport link underpinning the association went
                               down.
                          3    Persistent error – A persistent error was detected on the link (such
                               as the socket/TCP connection to the remote node could not be set
                               up).
                          4 Local shutdown – The association was brought down intentionally
                               by the local application.
                          5    Failover down – The association was brought down as part of
                               failover processing.
                          255 Other event – The last event does not match any in the list.
                          (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Last detected event time:  This attribute reports the time in seconds since the last event on this
                          association was detected, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. (R) (mandatory)
                          (4 bytes)
Last detected reset time:  This attribute reports the time in seconds since these statistics were last
                          reset, as defined by [ITU-T H.341]. Under normal circumstances, a get
                          action on this attribute would return 900 seconds to indicate a completed
                          15-minute interval. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Get current data (optional)
Notifications
 Threshold crossing alert
      Number              Threshold crossing alert              Threshold value attribute # (Note)
          0           MGCP protocol errors                                        1
          1           MGCP transport losses                                       2
 NOTE – This number associates the TCA with the specified threshold value attribute of the threshold
 data 1 managed entity.
