9.10.3 MoCA interface performance monitoring history data
This managed entity collects performance monitoring data for a MoCA interface. Instances of this
managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
For a complete discussion of generic PM architecture, refer to clause I.1.9.
NOTE 1 – Be aware that the structure of this ME is an exception to the normal definition of PM MEs. It
should not be used as a guide for the definition of future MEs. This managed entity has only current values,
which are retrievable by get and get next operations; no history is retained.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of the PPTP MoCA UNI managed
entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:           This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                             Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                             instance of the physical path termination point MoCA UNI. (R,
                             Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Interval end time:           This attribute identifies the most recently finished 15-minute interval.
                             (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Threshold data 1/2 id:       This attribute points to an instance of the threshold data 1 managed
                             entity that contains PM threshold values. Since no threshold value
                             attribute number exceeds 7, a threshold data 2 ME is optional. (R, W,
                             Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
PHY tx broadcast             This attribute indicates the MoCA PHY broadcast transmit rate from the
rate:                        ONT MoCA interface to all the nodes in bit/s. (R) (optional) (4 bytes)
Node table:                This attribute lists current nodes in the node table. The table contains
                           MAC addresses and statistics for those nodes. These table attributes are
                           further described below.
                              MAC address: A unique identifier of a node within the table.
                              (6 bytes)
                              PHY tx rate: MoCA PHY unicast transmit rate from the ONT
                              MoCA interface to the node identified by the MAC address, in bit/s.
                              (4 bytes)
                              Tx power control reduction: The reduction in transmitter level due
                              to power control, in dB. Valid values range from 0 (full power) to 60.
                              (1 byte)
                              PHY rx rate: MoCA PHY unicast receive rate to the ONT MoCA
                              interface from the node identified by the MAC address, in bit/s.
                              (optional) (4 bytes)
                              Rx power level: The power level received at the ONT MoCA
                              interface from the node identified by the MAC address, in dBm,
                              represented as a 2s complement integer. Valid values range from +10
                              (0x0A) to –80 (0xB0). (1 byte)
                              PHY rx broadcast rate: MoCA PHY broadcast receive rate to the
                              ONT MoCA interface from the node identified by MAC address, in
                              bits/s. (optional) (4 bytes)
                              Rx broadcast power level: The power level received at the ONT
                              MoCA interface from the node identified by the MAC address, in
                              dBm, represented as a 2s complement integer. Valid values range
                              from +10 (0x0A) to –80 (0xB0). (1 byte)
                              Tx packet: Number of packets transmitted to node. (4 bytes)
                              Rx packet: Number of packets received from node. (4 bytes)
                              Rx errored and missed: Number of errored and missed packets
                              received from node. The sum of this field across all entries in the
                              node table contributes to the rx errored and missed TCA. This field is
                              reset to 0 on 15-minute boundaries. (4 bytes)
                              Rx errored: Number of errored packets received from node. The
                              sum of this field across all entries in the node table contributes to the
                              rx errored TCA. This field is reset to 0 on 15-minute boundaries.
                              (optional) (4 bytes)
                           (R) (mandatory) (37N bytes, where N is the number of nodes in the
                           node table)
                           NOTE 2 – A table row is always 37 bytes. If optimal fields are not supported,
                           they should be set to 0.
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
 Threshold crossing alert
      Number              Threshold crossing alert              Threshold value attribute # (Note)
         0            Total rx errored and missed                               1
         1            Total rx errored                                          2
 NOTE – This number associates the TCA with the specified threshold value attribute of the threshold
 data 1 managed entity.
