9.3.29 Multicast subscriber monitor
This managed entity provides the current status of each port with respect to its multicast
subscriptions. It may be useful for status monitoring or debugging purposes. The status table
includes all groups currently subscribed by the port, both dynamic and static.
Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted at the request of the OLT. One instance
may exist for each 802.1 UNI configured to support multicast subscription.
Attributes
Managed entity id:           This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                             Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly linked to an
                             instance of the MAC bridge port configuration data or 802.1p mapper
                             ME. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
ME type:                     This attribute indicates the type of the ME implicitly linked by the
                             managed entity id attribute.
                             0 MAC bridge port config data.
                             1 802.1p mapper service profile.
                             (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Current multicast            This attribute is the ONT's best effort estimate of the actual bandwidth
bandwidth:                   currently being delivered over all dynamic multicast groups. (R)
                             (optional) (4 bytes)
Join messages counter:       This attribute counts the number of times the corresponding subscriber
                             sent a join message that was accepted. When full, the counter rolls over
                             to 0. (R) (optional) (4 bytes)
Bandwidth exceeded           This attribute counts the number of join messages that did, or would
counter:                     have, exceeded the max multicast bandwidth, whether accepted or
                             denied. When full, the counter rolls over to 0. (R) (optional) (4 bytes)
Active group list table:     This attribute lists the groups from the dynamic access control list table
                             that are currently being actively forwarded, along with the actual
                             bandwidth of each. If a join has been recognized from more than one IP
                             source address for a given group on this UNI, there will be one table
                             entry for each. Each table entry has the form:
                             –     VLAN ID, 0 if not used. (2 bytes)
                             –     Source IP address, 0.0.0.0 if not used. (4 bytes)
                             –     Multicast destination IP address. (4 bytes)
                             –     Best efforts actual bandwidth estimate, bytes per second. (4 bytes)
                             –     Client (set-top box) IP address, that is, the IP address of the device
                                   currently joined. (4 bytes)
                             –     Time since the most recent join of this client to the IP channel, in
                                   seconds. (4 bytes)
                             –     Reserved. (2 bytes)
                             (R) (mandatory) (24N bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
