9.9.10 Network dial plan table
The network dial plan table ME is optional for ONTs providing VoIP service. This ME is used to
provision dial plans from the OLT. Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the
OLT. If a non-OMCI interface is used to manage SIP for VoIP, this ME is unnecessary. The
non-OMCI interface supplies the necessary data, which may be read back to the OLT via the SIP
config portal ME.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with one or more instances of the SIP user
data managed entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:         This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                           (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Dial plan number:          This attribute indicates the current number of dial plans in the dial plan
                           table. Default value is 0. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Dial plan table max size:  This attribute defines the maximum number of dial plans that can be
                           stored in the dial plan table. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Critical dial timeout:     This attribute defines the critical dial timeout for digit map processing in
                           milliseconds. The default value is 4000 ms. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                           (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Partial dial timeout:      This attribute defines the partial dial timeout for digit map processing in
                           milliseconds. The default value is 16000 ms. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                           (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Dial plan format:          This attribute defines the dial plan format standard that is supported in
                           the ONT for VoIP. Valid values include:
                           0    Not defined.
                           1    H.248 format with specific plan (table entries define the dialling
                                plan).
                           2    NSC format.
                           3    Vendor-specific format.
                           The default is 1. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Dial plan table:           The table contains a dial plan used by the VoIP service, along with fields
                           to manage the table. These table attributes are further described below.
                           (R, W) (mandatory) (30N bytes, where N is the number of dial plans)
Action:                    Remove (0) or add (1) this plan (set action). When a dial plan is being
                           removed, only the dial plan id field is used to identify the dial plan token.
                           (1 byte)
Dial plan token:           Token used by the VoIP service to process dial plans. This ASCII string
                           is typically delimited by ":". (28 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
