9.12.3 Network address
The network address managed entity associates a network address with security methods required to
access a server. It is conditionally required for ONTs that support VoIP service. The address may
take the form of a URI, a fully qualified path or IP address represented as an ACII string.
If a non-OMCI interface is used to manage VoIP signalling, this ME is unnecessary. The
non-OMCI interface supplies the necessary data, which may be read back to the OLT via the SIP
config portal ME or the MGC config portal ME.
Instances of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT or the ONT depending on the
method used and case.
Relationships
Any managed entity that requires a network address may link to an instance of this ME.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         Instances of this managed entity created autonomously by the ONT have
                         IDs in the range 0..0x7FFF. Instances created by the OLT have IDs in the
                         range 0x8000..0xFFFE. The value 0xFFFF is not valid. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Security pointer:        If this attribute is set to its default value 0xFFFF, security attributes are not
                         defined for this network address. If this attribute is set to any other value, it
                         points to an authentication security method managed entity. The
                         authentication security method indicates the username and password to be
                         used when retrieving the network address indicated by this ME. (R, W,
                         Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                         address. It may contain a fully qualified domain name, URI or IP address.
                         The URI may also contain an optional port identifier (e.g., "x.y.z.com:5060"). 
			 The default value 0xFFFF indicates that no network
                         address is defined. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes).
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
