9.12.8 OMCI
This managed entity describes the ONT's general level of support for OMCI managed entities and
messages. This ME is not included in MIB upload.
Relationships
One instance exists in the ONT. The ME entities are related to the OMCI entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         There is only one instance, number 0. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
ME type table:           This attribute lists the ME classes supported by the ONT. Each entry
                         contains the managed entity class value (see Table 11-2) of a managed
                         entity. For MEs inherited from G.983.2 B-PON, the most significant byte
                         is zero. (R) (mandatory) (2N bytes, where N is the number of entries in the
                         list)
Message type table:      This attribute is a list of message types supported by the ONT. Each entry
                         contains the message type of an OMCI message (see Table 11-1). (R)
                         (mandatory) (M bytes, where M is the number of entries in the list)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
The managed entity ME describes the details of each managed entity that is supported by the ONT.
This ME is not included in MIB upload.
Relationships
One or more managed entities are related to the OMCI object entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:     This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity. Its
                       value is equal to the managed entity type value, and is the same as the code
                       found in the ME type table attribute of the OMCI ME and Table 11-2. (R)
                       (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Name:                  This attribute contains a 25-byte ASCII coded mnemonic tag for the ME
                       type. Strings shorter than 25 bytes are padded with null characters. (R)
                       (mandatory) (25 bytes)
Attributes table:      This table contains pointers to the attribute MEs that describe each of these
                       ME's attributes.
                       NOTE – The managed entity ID attribute is not included in the list, since the type
                       of this attribute is fixed.
                       (R) (mandatory) (2X bytes, where X is the number of entries in the table)
Access:                This attribute represents who creates this ME. The following code points
                       are defined:
                       1     Created by the ONT.
                       2     Created by the OLT.
                       3     Created by both ONT and OLT.
                       (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Alarms table:          This attribute lists the alarm codes that are supported. (R) (mandatory)
                       (Y bytes, where Y is the number of entries in the table)
AVCs table:            This attribute lists the AVCs that are supported. (R) (mandatory) (Z bytes,
                       where Z is the number of entries in the table)
Actions:               This attribute lists the action codes supported on this object, formatted as a
                       bit map. The action codes are the message types from Table 11-1. The
                       least significant bit represents action 0, and so on. (R) (mandatory)
                       (4 bytes)
Instances table:       This attribute is a list of pointers to all instances of this ME. (R)
                       (mandatory) (2V bytes, where V is the number of entries in the table)
Support:               This attribute represents support capability of this ME in the ONT's
                       implementation. This attribute does not declare if the OMCI
                       implementation complies with the recommendations, but if it complies
                       with the OMCI declaration itself. The following code points are defined:
                       1     Supported (supported as defined in this object).
                       2     Unsupported (OMCI returns error code if accessed).
                       3     Partially supported (some aspects of ME supported).
                       4     Ignored (OMCI supported, but underlying function is not).
                       (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
