9.1.3     ONT data
This managed entity models the MIB itself. Clause I.1.2 explains the use of this managed entity
with respect to MIB synchronization. Clause I.1.4 explains the alarm synchronization process, in
which the get alarm messages are directed to the ONT data managed entity.
The ONT automatically creates an instance of this managed entity, and updates the associated
attributes according to data within the ONT itself.
Relationships
One instance of this managed entity is contained in an ONT.
Managed entity id:      This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                        There is only one instance, number 0. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
MIB data sync:          This attribute is used to check the alignment of the MIB of the ONT with
                        the corresponding MIB in the OLT. MIB data sync relies on this attribute,
                        which is a sequence number that can be checked by the OLT to see if the
                        MIB snapshots for the OLT and ONT match. Refer to clause I.1.1 for a
                        detailed description of this attribute. Upon ME instantiation, the ONT sets
                        this attribute to 0. (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get, set
Get all alarms:         Latch a snapshot (i.e., copy) of the current alarm statuses of all managed
                        entities and reset the alarm message counter.
Get all alarms next:    Get the latched alarm status of the next managed entity within the current
                        snapshot.
MIB reset:              Reset the MIB data sync attribute to 0 and reset the MIB of the ONT to its
                        default state. This default MIB consists of one instance of the ONT-G
                        managed entity, one instance of the ONT data managed entity, two
                        instances of the software image managed entity, zero or more instances of
                        the cardholder managed entity, and zero or more instances of the priority
                        queue-G managed entity (for the priority queues that reside in the ONT).
MIB upload:             Latch a snapshot (i.e., copy) of the current MIB. Not every managed entity
                        or every attribute is included in a MIB upload. Performance monitoring
                        history data MEs are excluded; table attributes are excluded. Other MEs and
                        attributes, such as the PPTP for the local craft terminal, are excluded as
                        documented in their specific definitions.
MIB upload next:        Get the latched attribute values of the managed entity within the current
                        snapshot.
Notifications
None.
