9.1.12 ONT remote debug
This managed entity is used to send vendor-specific debug commands to the ONT and receive
vendor-specific replies back for processing on the OLT. This allows for the remote debugging of an
ONT that may not be accessible by any other means. The command format may have two modes,
one being text and the other free format. In text format, both the command and reply are ASCII
strings. In free format, the content and format of command and reply are vendor-specific.
An ONT that supports remote debugging automatically creates an instance of this managed entity. It
is not reported during a MIB upload.
Relationships
One instance of this managed entity is associated with the ONT managed entity.
Attributes
Managed entity id:        This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                          There is only one instance, number 0. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Command format:           This attribute defines the format of the command and reply attributes.
                          Value 0 defines ASCII string format, while 1 specifies free format. (R)
                          (mandatory) (1 byte)
Command:                  This attribute is used to send a command to the ONT. The format of the
                          command is defined by the command format. If the format is ASCII string,
                          the command should be null terminated unless the string is 25 bytes long.
                          The action of setting this attribute should trigger the ONT to discard any
                          previous command reply information and execute the current debugging
                          command. (W) (mandatory) (25 bytes)
                       is defined by the command format attribute. The get, get next action
                       sequence must be used with this attribute, since its size is unspecified. On a
                       get action, the ONT returns the size of the reply (per normal get next usage).
                       If the size of the reply is unknown at the time of the get, the ONT returns
                       the value 0xFFFF FFFF. The OLT then issues get next requests until the
                       ONT is exhausted of data, whereupon the ONT returns a parameter error
                       response. The OLT then terminates the get next process. (R) (mandatory)
                       (N bytes)
Actions
Get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
