9.11.1 Priority queue-G
This managed entity specifies the priority queue used by a GEM port network CTP. In the upstream
direction, a priority queue-G ME is also related to a T-CONT ME.
If N priority queues reside in the ONT and its circuit packs, the ONT creates N instances of the
priority queue-G management entity following the creation of the circuit pack or T-CONT MEs.
After the ONT creates T-CONT MEs, it autonomously creates instances of the priority queue-G
ME.
The OLT can find all the queues by reading the priority queue-G managed entity instances. If the
OLT tries to retrieve a non-existent priority queue, the ONT denies the get action with an error
indication.
See also Appendix III.
Upstream priority queues can be added to the ONT. Moreover, priority queues can exist in the ONT
core and circuit packs serving both UNI and ANI functions.
The weight attribute permits configuring an optional traffic scheduler. Several attributes support
back pressure operation, whereby a back pressure signal is sent backward and causes the attached
terminal to temporarily suspend sending data.
Relationships
One or more instances of this managed entity are associated with the ONT-G managed entity to
model the upstream priority queues if the traffic management option attribute in the ONT-G ME
is 0.
One or more instances of this managed entity are associated with a circuit pack managed entity
serving UNI functions as downstream priority queues.
For an ONT that has one or more fixed user interfaces, one or more instances are associated with
the ONT-G managed entity for the downstream priority queues.
Attributes
Managed entity id:           This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                             The most significant bit represents the direction (1: upstream,
                             0: downstream). The 15 least significant bits represent a queue id. The
                             queue id is numbered in ascending order by the ONT itself. It is
                             strongly encouraged that the queue id be formulated to simplify finding
                             related queues. One way to do this is to number the queues such that the
                             related port attributes are in ascending order (for the downstream and
                             upstream queues separately). The range of downstream queue ids is 0 to
                             0x7FFF and the range of upstream queue ids is 0x8000 to 0xFFFF. (R)
                             (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Queue configuration   This attribute identifies the buffer partitioning policy. The value 1
option:               means that several queues share one buffer size of maximum queue
                      size, while the value 0 means that each queue has an individual buffer
                      of maximum queue size. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Maximum queue size:   This attribute specifies the maximum size of the queue. Units are GEM
                      block lengths. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Allocated queue size: This attribute identifies the allocated size of this queue. Units are GEM
                      block lengths. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Discard-block counter This attribute represents the interval in milliseconds at which the
reset interval:       counter resets itself. (R, W) (optional) (2 bytes)
Threshold value for   The threshold for the number of GEM block lengths discarded on this
discarded blocks due  queue due to buffer overflow. (R, W) (optional) (2 bytes)
to buffer overflow:
Related port:         This attribute represents the slot, port/T-CONT and priority information
                      associated with the instance of priority queue-G ME. This attribute
                      comprises four bytes.
                      In the upstream direction, the first two bytes are the ME ID of the
                      associated T-CONT. In the downstream direction, the first byte is the
                      slot number and the second byte is the port number of the queue's
                      destination port.
                      The last two bytes represent the priority of this queue. The range of
                      priority is 0 to 0x0FFF. The value 0 indicates the highest priority and
                      0x0FFF indicates the lowest priority. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Traffic scheduler-G   This attribute points to the traffic scheduler-G ME instance that is
pointer:              associated with this priority queue. This pointer is used when this
                      priority queue is connected with a traffic scheduler. The default value is
                      null (0). (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Weight:               This attribute represents weight for WRR. This weight is used by the
                      traffic scheduler or T-CONT (whose policy is WRR) indicated by the
                      traffic scheduler-G pointer attribute or related port attribute. Upon ME
                      instantiation, the ONT sets this attribute to 1. (R, W) (mandatory)
                      (1 byte)
Back pressure         This attribute enables (0) or disables (1) back pressure operation. Its
operation:            default value is 0. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Back pressure time:   This attribute indicates the time for which the customer terminal
                      temporarily suspends sending data. This attribute presents the duration
                      in microseconds. This attribute can be used as a pause time for an
                      Ethernet UNI. Values: 0 to 0xFFFF FFFF. Upon ME instantiation, the
                      ONT sets this attribute to 0. (R, W) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Back pressure occur   This attribute identifies the threshold size of this queue to start sending
queue threshold:      a back pressure signal. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Back pressure clear   This attribute identifies the threshold size of this queue to stop sending a
queue threshold:      back pressure signal. (R, W) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Actions
Get, set
  Alarm
   Number              Alarm                                         Description
       0      Block loss                  Content loss in excess of threshold. The alarm is cleared when
                                          the discard block counter reset interval next expires.
    1..207    Reserved
   208..223   Vendor-specific alarms      Not to be standardized
