9.8.6     RTP pseudowire parameters
If a pseudowire service uses RTP, the RTP pseudowire parameters managed entity provides
configuration information for the RTP layer. Instances of this managed entity are created and
deleted by the OLT. The use of RTP on a pseudowire is optional, and is determined by the existence
of the RTP pseudowire parameters managed entity.
Relationships
An instance of the RTP pseudowire parameters managed entity may exist for each pseudowire
termination point managed entity, to which it is implicitly bound by a common managed entity ID.
Attributes
Managed entity id:             This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                               entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                               linked to an instance of the pseudowire termination point managed
                               entity. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Clock reference:               This attribute specifies the frequency of the common timing
                               reference, in multiples of 8 kHz. The default value is 1 (8 kHz).
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                                generated in the TDM to PSN direction.
                                0    Unknown or not applicable (default).
                                1    Absolute. Timestamps are based on the timing of the incoming
                                     TDM signal.
                                2    Differential. Timestamps are based on the ONT's reference
                                     clock, which is understood to be stratum-traceable along with
                                     the reference clock at the far end.
                                (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
PTYPE:                          This attribute specifies the RTP payload type in the TDM to PSN
                                direction. It comprises two values. The first is for the payload
                                channel, the second, for the optional separate signalling channel.
                                Assignable PTYPEs lie in the dynamic range 96..127. If signalling is
                                not transported in its own channel, the second value should be set to
                                0. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
SSRC:                           This attribute specifies the RTP synchronization source in the TDM
                                to PSN direction. It comprises two values. The first is for the payload
                                channel, the second, for the optional separate signalling channel. If
                                signalling is not transported in its own channel, the second value
                                should be set to 0. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (8 bytes)
Expected PTYPE:                 This attribute specifies the RTP payload type in the PSN to TDM
                                direction. The received payload type may be used to detect
                                malformed packets. It comprises two values. The first is for the
                                payload channel, the second, for the optional separate signalling
                                channel. To disable either or both of the check functions, set the
                                corresponding value to its default value 0. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                                (optional) (2 bytes)
Expected SSRC:                  This attribute specifies the RTP synchronization source in the PSN to
                                TDM direction. The received SSRC may be used to detect
                                misconnection (stray packets). It comprises two values. The first is
                                for the payload channel, the second, for the optional separate
                                signalling channel. To disable either or both of the check functions,
                                set the corresponding value to its default value 0. (R, W,
                                Set-by-create) (optional) (8 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
