9.9.7    RTP profile data
This managed entity configures RTP. It is conditionally required for ONTs that offer VoIP service.
If a non-OMCI interface is used to manage VoIP, this ME is unnecessary. The non-OMCI interface
supplies the necessary data, which may be read back to the OLT via the SIP config portal or the
MGC config portal ME.
An instance of this managed entity is created and deleted by the OLT. An RTP profile is needed for
each unique set of attributes.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with one or more VoIP media profile
managed entities.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Local port min:             This attribute defines the base RTP port that should be used for voice
                            traffic. The default is 50000. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Local port max:             This attribute defines the highest RTP port used for voice traffic. The
                            default must be greater than local port min but is determined by vendor
                            application. (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
DSCP mark:                  Diffserv code point to be used for outgoing RTP packets for this profile.
                            The default value is expedited forwarding (EF) = 0x2E. (R, W,
                            Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Piggyback events:           Enables or disables RTP piggyback events.
                            0     Disabled (default).
                            1     Enabled.
                            (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
                           [IETF RFC 4733] (see also [IETF RFC 4734]).
                           0    Disabled (default).
                           1    Enabled.
                           (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
DTMF events:               Enables or disables handling of DTMF via RTP DTMF events per
                           [IETF RFC 4733] (see also [IETF RFC 4734]). This attribute is ignored
                           unless the OOB DTMF attribute in the VoIP media profile is enabled.
                           0    Disabled (default).
                           1    Enabled.
                           (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
CAS events:                Enables or disables handling of CAS via RTP CAS events per
                           [IETF RFC 4733] (see also [IETF RFC 4734]).
                           0    Disabled (default).
                           1    Enabled.
                           (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
