9.1.4   Software image
This managed entity models an executable software image stored in the ONT.
The ONT automatically creates two instances of this managed entity upon the creation of each
managed entity that contains independently-manageable software, either the ONT itself or an
individual circuit pack. The ME attributes are populated according to data within the ONT or the
circuit pack.
Some pluggable equipments may contain no software. Others may contain software that is
intrinsically bound to the ONT's own software image. No software image ME need exist for such
equipments, though it may be convenient for the ONT to create them to support software version
audit from the OLT. In this case, the dependent MEs would support only the get action.
A slot may contain various equipments over its lifetime, and if software image MEs exist, the ONT
must automatically create and delete them as the equipage changes.
When controller packs are duplicated, each can be expected to contain two software image MEs,
managed through reference to the individual controller packs themselves. When this occurs, the
activate, commit) directed to instance 0 would be ambiguous.
Relationships
Two instances of the software image managed entity are associated with each instance of the ONT
or circuit pack whose software is independently managed.
Attributes
Managed entity id:         This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity. The
                           two-byte value indicates the physical location of the software image. The
                           first byte identifies the ME instance (ONT (0) or slot (1..254)) containing
                           the associated software image ME. The second byte distinguishes between
                           the two software image ME instances (0..1). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Version:                   This attribute identifies the version of the software. (R) (mandatory)
                           (14 bytes)
Is committed:              This attribute indicates whether the associated software image is committed
                           (1) or uncommitted (0). By definition, the committed software image is
                           loaded and executed upon reboot of the ONT and/or circuit pack. During
                           normal operation, one software image is always committed, while the other
                           is uncommitted. Under no circumstances are both software images allowed
                           to be committed at the same time. On the other hand, both software images
                           could be uncommitted at the same time if both were invalid. Upon ME
                           instantiation, instance 0 is initialized to committed, while instance 1 is
                           initialized to uncommitted (that is, the ONT ships from the factory with
                           image 0 committed). (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Is active:                 This attribute indicates whether the associated software image is active (1)
                           or inactive (0). By definition, the active software image is one that is
                           currently loaded and executing in the ONT or circuit pack. Under normal
                           operation, one software image is always active while the other is inactive.
                           Under no circumstances are both software images allowed to be active at the
                           same time. On the other hand, both software images could be inactive at the
                           same time if both were invalid. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Is valid:                  This attribute indicates whether the associated software image is valid (1) or
                           invalid (0). By definition, a software image is valid if it has been verified to
                           be an executable code image. The verification mechanism is not subject to
                           standardization; however, at a minimum it must include a data integrity
                           (CRC) check of the entire code image. Upon ME instantiation, the ONT
                           validates the associated code image and sets this attribute according to the
                           result. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get
NOTE – Figure 9.1.4-1 illustrates the life cycle of software images under the following actions. State S0 is a
conceptual initialization state when neither of the software images is valid (i.e., executable). During S0, the
OMCC is not functional.
All of the following actions are mandatory for ONTs with remotely manageable software.
Start download:        Initiate a software download sequence. This action is valid only for a
                       software image that is currently inactive and uncommitted (i.e., not selected
                       as the boot image).
Download section:      Download a section of a software image. This action is valid only for a
                       software image that is currently being downloaded (image 1 in state S2,
                       image 0 in state S2').
End download:          Signal the completion of a download sequence, providing both CRC and
                       version information for final verification of a downloaded software image.
                       This action is valid only for a software image that is currently being
                       downloaded (image 1 in state S2, image 0 in state S2').
Activate image:        Load/execute a valid software image. When this action is applied to a
                       software image that is currently inactive, execution of the current code
                       image is suspended, the associated software image is loaded from
                       non-volatile memory, and execution of this new code image is initiated (that
                       is, the associated entity re-boots on the previously inactive image). When
                       this action is applied to a software image that is already active, a soft restart
                       is performed. The software image is not reloaded from non-volatile
                       memory; the current volatile code image is simply restarted. This action is
                       only valid for a valid software image.
Commit image:          Select a valid software image to be the default image to be loaded and
                       executed by the boot code upon start-up (i.e., set the is committed attribute
                       value to 1 for the associated software image ME and set the is committed
                       attribute value to 0 for the other software image). This action is only valid
                       for a valid software image.
Notifications
None.
