9.11.2 Traffic scheduler-G
An instance of this managed entity represents a logical object that can control upstream GEM
packets. A traffic scheduler can accommodate GEM packets after a priority queue or other traffic
scheduler and transfer them toward the next traffic scheduler or T-CONT. Because T-CONTs and
traffic schedulers are created autonomously by the ONT, the ONT vendor predetermines the most
complex traffic handling model it is prepared to support; the OLT may use less than the ONT's full
capabilities, but cannot ask for more. See Appendix III for more detail.
After the ONT creates instances of T-CONT ME, it then autonomously creates instances of the
traffic scheduler-G ME.
Relationships
The traffic scheduler-G ME may be related to a T-CONT or other traffic schedulers through pointer
attributes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         This two-byte number indicates the physical capability that realizes the
                         traffic scheduler. The first byte is the slot id of the circuit pack with which
                         this traffic scheduler is associated. For a traffic scheduler that is not
                         associated with a circuit pack, the first byte is 0xFF. The second byte is the
                         traffic scheduler id, assigned by the ONT itself. Traffic scheduler ids are
                         numbered in ascending order with range 0..0xFF in each circuit pack or
                         ONT core. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
T-CONT pointer:          This attribute points to the T-CONT ME instance associated with this
                         traffic scheduler. This pointer is used when this traffic scheduler is
                         connected to the T-CONT directly. It is null (0) otherwise. (R)
                         (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Traffic scheduler        This attribute points to another traffic scheduler-G ME instance that may
pointer:                 serve this traffic scheduler. This pointer is used when this traffic scheduler
                         is connected to another traffic scheduler; it is null (0) otherwise. (R)
                         (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Policy:                  This attribute represents scheduling policy. Valid values include
                         0     Null
                         1     HOL (head of line)
                         2     WRR (weighted round robin)
                         (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
                          WRR scheduling. This value is used by the T-CONT or traffic scheduler
                          indicated by the T-CONT pointer attribute or traffic scheduler pointer
                          attribute. If the indicated pointer has policy = HOL, this value is
                          interpreted as a priority (0 is the highest priority, 255 the lowest). If the
                          indicated pointer has policy = WRR, this value is interpreted as a weight.
                          Upon ME instantiation, the ONT sets this attribute to 0. (R, W)
                          (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get, set
Notifications
None.
