9.7.17 VDSL2 line inventory and status data part 2
This managed entity extends the other xDSL line inventory and status data MEs with attributes
specific to VDSL2. This ME contains upstream attributes.
Relationships
This is one of the status data MEs pointed to by a physical path termination point xDSL managed
entity. It is required only if VDSL2 is supported by the PPTP. The ONT automatically creates or
deletes an instance of this managed entity upon creation or deletion of a physical path termination
point xDSL that supports these attributes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:              This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                                linked to an instance of the physical path termination point xDSL
                                managed entity. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                                VDSL2 transmission system This attribute extends the xTU-R transmission system capability
capability xTU-R:               attribute of the xDSL line inventory and status data part 1 to include
                                xTU-R VDSL2 capabilities. It is a bit map, specifically bits 57..64 of
                                Table 9.7.12-1. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
ACTSNRMODEus:                   This attribute indicates whether transmitter referred virtual noise is
                                active on the line in the upstream direction.
                                1    Virtual noise inactive.
                                2    Virtual noise active.
                                (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
UPBOKLE:                        This attribute contains the estimated electrical length expressed in dB
                                at 1 MHz, kl0 (see O-UPDATE in clause 12.3.3.2.1.2 of
                                [ITU-T G.993.2]). This is the final electrical length that would be
                                sent from the VTU-O to the VTU-R if the electrical length were not
                                forced by the OLT. The value lies in the range 0 (0.0 dB) to 1280
                                (128.0 dB). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                              valid attribute values are 1, 2, 4, 8. In ADSL applications, the
                              corresponding value is fixed at 1, and therefore need not be
                              specified. For VDSL2, it is equal to the size of the subcarrier group
                              used to compute these attributes (see clause 11.4.1 of
                              [ITU-T G.993.2]).
HLINGus:                      This attribute is the number of subcarriers per group used to report
                              HLINpsus. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
HLOGGus:                      This attribute is the number of subcarriers per group used to report
                              HLOGpsus. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
QLNGus:                       This attribute is the number of subcarriers per group used to report
                              QLNpsus. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
SNRGus:                       This attribute is the number of subcarriers per group used to report
                              SNRpsus. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
MREFPSDus table:              The upstream medley reference PSD attribute contains the set of
                              breakpoints exchanged in the MREFPSDus fields of the R-PRM
                              message of [ITU-T G.993.2].
                              The format is similar to that specified for the PSD descriptor in
                              [ITU-T G.993.2]. In [ITU-T G.993.2], the first byte gives the size of
                              the table, each entry of which is three bytes. In the OMCI definition,
                              the first byte is omitted, because the size of the table is known from
                              the response to the get command.
                              (R) (mandatory) (3N bytes, where N is the number of breakpoints)
TRELLISus:                    This attribute reports whether trellis coding is in use in the upstream
                              direction.
                              0 Trellis not used.
                              1 Trellis used.
                              (R) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2, optional for others)
                              (1 byte)
ACTUALCE:                     This attribute reports the cyclic extension used on the line. It is coded
                              as an unsigned integer from 2 to 16 in units of N/32 samples, where
                              2N is the IDFT size. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
