9.7.18 VDSL2 line inventory and status data part 3
This managed entity extends the other xDSL line inventory and status data MEs with attributes
specific to VDSL2. This ME contains per-band attributes for both directions. These same attributes
are defined in the xDSL line inventory and status data part 2 managed entity, but only for a single
band. [ITU-T G.993.2] allows for VDSL2 to have as many as five bands upstream and as many as
five bands downstream.
This is one of the status data MEs pointed to by a physical path termination point xDSL managed
entity. It is required only if VDSL2 is supported by the PPTP. The ONT automatically creates or
deletes an instance of this managed entity upon creation or deletion of a physical path termination
point xDSL that supports these attributes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:              This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                                linked to an instance of the physical path termination point xDSL
                                managed entity. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream bands count:           This attribute reports the number of upstream bands. It can be used to
                                filter the upstream attributes. All upstream attributes are arrays of
                                per-band entries, of which the first upstream bands count are
                                populated. The content of the arrays for unused frequency bands is
                                unspecified. The original attributes were allocated for as many as
                                four upstream bands, US0, 1, 2, 3; optional extended attributes have
                                been added to accommodate the possibility that five upstream bands
                                may be needed. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Downstream bands count:         This attribute reports the number of downstream bands. It can be
                                used to filter the downstream attributes. All downstream attributes
                                are arrays of per-band entries, of which the first downstream bands
                                count are populated. The content of the arrays for unused frequency
                                bands is unspecified. The original attributes were allocated for as
                                many as three upstream bands, DS1, 2, 3; optional extended
                                attributes have been added to accommodate the possibility that five
                                downstream bands may be needed. (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Downstream line                 The LATNds attribute is defined per usable band. It is the measured
attenuation per band:           difference in the total power transmitted in this band by the xTU-C
                                and the total power received in this band by the xTU-R over all
                                subcarriers of this band during loop diagnostic mode and
                                initialization. The upstream line attenuation per band ranges from 0
                                (0.0 dB) to 1270 (+127.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates
                                the line attenuation per band is out of range to be represented. (R)
                                (mandatory) (3 bands * 2 bytes = 6 bytes)
Upstream line attenuation       The LATNus attribute is defined per usable band. It is the measured
per band:                       difference in the total power transmitted in this band by the xTU-R
                                and the total power received in this band by the xTU-C over all
                                subcarriers of this band during loop diagnostic mode and
                                initialization. The upstream line attenuation per band ranges from 0
                                (0.0 dB) to 1270 (+127.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates
                                that line attenuation per band is out of range to be represented. (R)
                                (mandatory) (4 bands * 2 bytes = 8 bytes)
Downstream signal               The SATNds attribute is defined per usable band. It is the measured
attenuation per band:           difference in the total power transmitted in this band by the xTU-C
                                and the total power received in this band by the xTU-R over all
                                subcarriers of this band during showtime. The downstream signal
                                attenuation per band ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (+127.0 dB).
                                The special value 0xFFFF indicates that signal attenuation per band
                                is out of range to be represented.
                            transmitted by the xTU-C, as compared to loop diagnostic mode and
                            initialization. Therefore, the downstream signal attenuation may be
                            significantly lower than the downstream line attenuation.
                            (R) (mandatory) (3 bands * 2 bytes = 6 bytes)
Upstream signal attenuation The SATNus attribute is defined per usable band. It is the measured
per band:                   difference in the total power transmitted in this band by the xTU-R
                            and the total power received in this band by the xTU-C over all
                            subcarriers of this band during showtime. The upstream signal
                            attenuation per band ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (+127.0 dB).
                            The special value 0xFFFF indicates the signal attenuation per band is
                            out of range to be represented.
                            NOTE 2 – During showtime, only a subset of the subcarriers may be
                            transmitted by the xTU-R, as compared to loop diagnostic mode and
                            initialization. Therefore, the upstream signal attenuation may be
                            significantly lower than the upstream line attenuation.
                            (R) (mandatory) (4 bands * 2 bytes = 8 bytes)
Downstream signal-to-noise The SNRMpbds attribute is defined per usable band. The
ratio margin per band:      downstream signal to noise ratio margin per band is the maximum
                            increase of noise power received at the xTU-R, such that the BER
                            requirements are met for all downstream bearer channels. Each array
                            value ranges from 0 (–64.0 dB) to 1270 (+63.0 dB). The special
                            value 0xFFFF indicates that the attribute is out of range to be
                            represented. (R) (mandatory) (3 bands * 2 bytes = 6 bytes)
Upstream signal-to-noise    The SNRMpbus attribute is defined per usable band. The upstream
ratio margin per band:      signal to noise ratio margin per band is the maximum increase of
                            noise power received at the xTU-C, such that the BER requirements
                            are met for all upstream bearer channels. Each array value ranges
                            from 0 (–64.0 dB) to 1270 (+63.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF
                            indicates that the attribute is out of range to be represented. (R)
                            (mandatory) (4 bands * 2 bytes = 8 bytes)
Downstream line             This attribute extends LATNds when more than three downstream
attenuation extension:      bands are used. It is defined in the same way as the downstream line
                            attenuation per band attribute. (R) (optional) (2 bands * 2 bytes =
                            4 bytes)
Upstream line attenuation   This attribute extends LATNus when more than four upstream bands
extension:                  are used. It is defined in the same way as the upstream line
                            attenuation per band attribute. (R) (optional) (1 band * 2 bytes =
                            2 bytes)
Downstream signal           This attribute extends SATNds when more than three downstream
attenuation extension:      bands are used. It is defined in the same way as the downstream
                            signal attenuation per band attribute. (R) (optional) (2 bands *
                            2 bytes = 4 bytes)
Upstream signal attenuation This attribute extends SATNus when more than four upstream bands
extension:                  are used. It is defined in the same way as the upstream signal
                            attenuation per band attribute. (R) (optional) (1 band * 2 bytes =
                            2 bytes)
Downstream signal-to-noise This attribute extends SNRMpbds when more than three downstream
ratio margin extension:         bands are used. It is defined in the same way as the downstream
                                signal-to-noise ratio margin per band attribute. (R) (optional)
                                (2 bands * 2 bytes = 4 bytes)
Upstream signal-to-noise        This attribute extends SNRMpbus when more than four upstream
ratio margin extension:         bands are used. It is defined in the same way as the upstream
                                signal-to-noise ratio margin per band attribute. (R) (optional) (1 band
                                * 2 bytes = 2 bytes)
Actions
Get
Notifications
None.
