9.3.12 VLAN tagging operation configuration data
This managed entity organizes data associated with VLAN tagging. Instances of this managed
entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
Zero or one instance of this managed entity may exist for an instance of any managed entity that can
terminate or modify an Ethernet stream. By definition, tagging operation occurs farther away from
the MAC bridge than filtering.
Attributes
Managed entity id:      This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                        When the optional association type attribute is 0 or undefined, this
                        attribute's value is the same as the id of the managed entity with which
                        this VLAN tagging operation configuration data instance is associated,
                        which may be either a PPTP Ethernet UNI or an IP host config data
                        ME. Otherwise, the value of the ME ID is unconstrained except by the
                        need to be unique. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                        Upstream VLAN tagging This attribute controls upstream VLAN tagging. Valid values are:
operation mode:         0     Upstream frame is sent as is, regardless of tag.
                        1     The upstream frame is tagged, whether or not the received frame
                              was tagged. The frame's TCI, consisting of VID, CFI and user
                              priority, is attached or overwritten with the upstream VLAN tag
                              TCI value.
                        2     The upstream frame is prepended with a tag, whether or not the
                              received frame was tagged. If the received frame is tagged, a
                              second tag (Q-in-Q) is added to the frame. If the received frame is
                              not tagged, a tag is attached to the frame. The added tag is defined
                              by the upstream VLAN tag TCI value attribute.
                        (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
                        Upstream VLAN tag TCI This attribute specifies the TCI for upstream VLAN tagging. It is used
value:                  when the upstream VLAN tagging operation mode is 1 or 2. (R, W,
                        Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream VLAN         This attribute controls downstream VLAN tagging. Valid values are:
tagging operation mode: 0     Downstream frame is sent as is, regardless of tag.
                        1     If the received frame is tagged, the outer tag is stripped. An
                              untagged frame is forwarded unchanged.
                        (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Association type:       This attribute specifies the type of the ME that is associated with this
                        VLAN tagging operation configuration data ME. Values are assigned
                        in accordance with the following list:
                        0     (Default) Physical path termination point Ethernet UNI (for
                              backward compatibility, may also be an IP host config data ME;
                              they must not have the same ME ID). The associated ME instance
                              is implicit; its identifier is the same as that of this VLAN tagging
                              operation configuration data.
                        1     IP host config data.
                        2     802.1p mapper service profile.
                        3     MAC bridge port configuration data.
                        4     Physical path termination point xDSL UNI.
                        5     GEM interworking termination point.
                        6     Multicast GEM interworking termination point.
                        7     Physical path termination point MoCA UNI.
                        8     Physical path termination point 802.11 UNI.
                        9     Ethernet flow termination point.
                        10 Physical path termination point Ethernet UNI.
                        The associated ME instance is identified by the associated ME pointer.
                        (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (1 byte)
                             the ME with which this VLAN tagging operation configuration data
                             ME is associated. Otherwise, this attribute is undefined, and the
                             association is implicit.
                             NOTE – When the association type is xDSL, the two most significant bits
                             may be used to indicate a bearer channel.
                             (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
