9.9.6    Voice service profile
NOTE – Except for the change of name, this managed entity is substantially identical to the voice service
profile AAL managed entity defined in [ITU-T G.983.2].
This managed entity organizes data that describes the voice service functions of the ONT. Instances
of this managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of a VoIP voice
CTP by way of a VoIP media profile.
Attributes
Managed entity id:             This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                               entity. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Announcement type:             This attribute specifies the treatment when a subscriber goes off hook
                               but does not attempt a call. Valid values include:
                               0x01      Silence.
                               0x02      Reorder tone.
                               0x03      Fast busy.
                               0x04      Voice announcement.
                               0xFF      N/A.
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Jitter target:                   This attribute specifies the target value of the jitter buffer in
                                 milliseconds. The system tries to maintain the jitter buffer at the
                                 target value. (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Jitter buffer max:               This attribute specifies the maximum depth of the jitter buffer
                                 associated with this service in milliseconds. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                                 (optional) (2 bytes)
Echo cancel ind:                 The Boolean value true specifies that echo cancellation is on; false
                                 specifies off. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
PSTN protocol variant:           This attribute controls which variant of POTS signalling is used on
                                 the associated UNIs. Its value is equal to the E.164 country code.
                                 (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
