9.9.4     VoIP voice CTP
The VoIP voice CTP defines the attributes necessary to associate a specified VoIP service (SIP
(e.g., [b-IETF RFC 3261]), [ITU-T H.248.x]) with a POTS UNI. This entity is conditionally
required for ONTs that offer VoIP services. If a non-OMCI interface is used to manage VoIP
signalling, this ME is unnecessary. The non-OMCI interface supplies the necessary data, which may
be read back to the OLT via the SIP config portal ME or the MGC config portal ME.
An instance of this managed entity is created and deleted by the OLT. A VoIP voice CTP managed
object is needed for each PPTP POTS UNI served by VoIP.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity links a PPTP POTS managed entity with a VoIP media profile
and a SIP user data or MGC config data ME.
Attributes
Managed entity id:              This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                entity. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
User protocol pointer:          This attribute points to signalling protocol data. If the VoIP config
                                data specifies that the ONT's signalling protocol is SIP, this attribute
                                points to a SIP user data ME, which in turn points to a SIP agent
                                config data. If the signalling protocol is H.248, this attribute points
                                directly to an MGC config data ME. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                                (mandatory) (2 bytes)
PPTP pointer:                   This attribute points to the PPTP POTS UNI managed entity that
                                serves the analogue telephone port. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                                (mandatory) (2 bytes)
VoIP media profile pointer: This attribute points to an associated VoIP media profile. (R, W,
                                Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Signalling code:                This attribute specifies the POTS-side signalling:
                                1 Loop start.
                                2 Ground start.
                                3 Loop reverse battery.
                                4 Coin first.
                                5 Dial tone first.
                                6 Multi-party.
                                (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
