9.7.13 xDSL line inventory and status data part 2
This managed entity contains part 2 of the line inventory and status data for an xDSL line. The
ONT automatically creates or deletes an instance of this managed entity upon the creation or
deletion of a physical path termination point xDSL UNI part 1.
NOTE 1 – [ITU-T G.997.1] specifies that bit rate attributes have granularity of 1000 bit/s. If G.997.1
compliance is required, the ONT should only report values with this granularity.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity is associated with an instance of a physical path termination
point xDSL UNI part 1.
Attributes
Managed entity id:               This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                 entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                                 linked to an instance of the physical path termination point xDSL
                                 UNI. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
xDSL transmission system:  This parameter defines the transmission system in use. It is a bit map,
                                 defined in Table 9.7.12-1. (R) (mandatory) (7 bytes)
                                 NOTE 2 – An additional byte identifying VDSL2 capabilities in use is
                                 defined in the VDSL2 line inventory and status data part 1 managed entity.
                                 (R) (mandatory) (7 bytes)
Line power management            The line has four possible power management states:
state:                           0      L0: Synchronized – This line state occurs when the line has full
                                        transmission (i.e., showtime).
                                 1      L1: Power down data transmission – This line state occurs when
                                        there is transmission on the line but the net data rate is reduced
                                        (e.g., only for OAM and higher layer connection and session
                                        control). This state applies to [b-ITU-T G.992.2] only.
                                 2      L2: Power down data transmission – This line state occurs when
                                        there is transmission on the line but the net data rate is reduced
                                        (e.g., only for OAM and higher layer connection and session
                                        control). This state applies to [ITU-T G.992.3] and
                                        [ITU-T G.992.4] only.
                                 3      L3: No power – This line state occurs when no power is
                                        transmitted on the line at all.
                                 (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Downstream line              The LATNds attribute is the measured difference in the total power
attenuation:                 transmitted by the xTU-C and the total power received by the xTU-R
                             over all subcarriers during diagnostics mode and initialization. The
                             attribute value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (127.0 dB) dB. The
                             special value 0xFFFF indicates that line attenuation is out of range.
                             NOTE 3 – [ITU-T G.993.2] specifies a per-band array to represent this
                             attribute. The array is defined in the VDSL2 line inventory and status data
                             part 3 managed entity. In a G.993.2 context, the downstream line
                             attenuation attribute should be set to 0 here, and populated in the VDSL2
                             line inventory and status data part 3 ME instead.
                             (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream line attenuation:  The LATNus attribute is the measured difference in the total power
                             transmitted by the xTU-R and the total power received by the xTU-C
                             over all subcarriers during diagnostics mode and initialization. The
                             attribute value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (127.0 dB). The
                             special value 0xFFFF indicates that line attenuation is out of range.
                             NOTE 4 – [ITU-T G.993.2] specifies a per-band array to represent this
                             attribute. The array is defined in the VDSL2 line inventory and status data
                             part 3 managed entity. In a G.993.2 context, the upstream line attenuation
                             attribute should be set to 0 here, and populated in the VDSL2 line inventory
                             and status data part 3 ME instead. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream signal            The SATNds attribute is the measured difference in the total power
attenuation:                 transmitted by the xTU-C and the total power received by the xTU-R
                             over all subcarriers during showtime. The attribute value ranges from
                             0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (127.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates
                             that signal attenuation is out of range.
                             NOTE 5 – [ITU-T G.993.2] specifies a per-band array to represent this
                             attribute. The array is defined in the VDSL2 line inventory and status data
                             part 3 managed entity. In a [ITU-T G.993.2] context, the downstream signal
                             attenuation attribute should be set to 0 here, and populated in the VDSL2
                             line inventory and status data part 3 ME instead. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream signal              The SATNus attribute is the measured difference in the total power
attenuation:                 transmitted by the xTU-R and the total power received by the xTU-C
                             over all subcarriers during showtime. The attribute value ranges from
                             0 (0.0 dB) to 1270 (127.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates
                             that signal attenuation is out of range.
                             NOTE 6 – [ITU-T G.993.2] specifies a per-band array to represent this
                             attribute. The array is defined in the VDSL2 line inventory and status data
                             part 3 managed entity. In a [ITU-T G.993.2] context, the upstream signal
                             attenuation attribute should be set to 0 here, and populated in the VDSL2
                             line inventory and status data part 3 ME instead. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream signal-to-noise The downstream signal-to-noise ratio margin SNRMds is the
ratio margin:                maximum increase of noise power received at the xTU-R, such that
                             the BER requirements can still be met for all downstream bearer
                             channels. The attribute value ranges from 0 (–64.0 dB) to 1270
                             (+63.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates that the attribute is
                             out of range. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream signal-to-noise    The upstream signal-to-noise ratio margin SNRMus is the maximum
ratio margin:               increase of noise power received at the xTU-C, such that the BER
                            requirements can still be met for all upstream bearer channels. The
                            attribute value ranges from 0 (–64.0 dB) to 1270 (+63.0 dB). The
                            special value 0xFFFF indicates that the attribute is out of range. (R)
                            (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream maximum          This parameter indicates the maximum downstream net data rate
attainable data rate:       currently attainable. The rate is coded in bit/s. (R) (mandatory)
                            (4 bytes)
Upstream maximum            This parameter indicates the maximum upstream net data rate
attainable data rate:       currently attainable. The rate is coded in bit/s. (R) (mandatory)
                            (4 bytes)
Downstream actual power     This parameter is the average downstream transmit power spectrum
spectrum density:           density over the subcarriers in use (subcarriers to which downstream
                            user data are allocated) delivered by the xTU-C at the U-C reference
                            point, at the instant of measurement. The attribute value ranges from
                            0 (–90.0 dBm/Hz) to 900 (0.0 dBm/Hz). The special value 0xFFFF
                            indicates that the parameter is out of range. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream actual power       The ACTPSDus attribute is the average upstream transmit power
spectrum density:           spectrum density over the subcarriers in use (subcarriers to which
                            upstream user data are allocated) delivered by the xTU-R at the U-R
                            reference point, at the instant of measurement. The attribute value
                            ranges from 0 (–90.0 dBm/Hz) to 900 (0.0 dBm/Hz). The special
                            value 0xFFFF indicates that the attribute is out of range. (R)
                            (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream actual           This parameter is the total amount of transmit power delivered by the
aggregate transmit power:  xTU-C at the U-C reference point, at the instant of measurement. The
                            attribute value ranges from 0 (–31.0 dBm ) to 620 (+31.0 dBm). The
                            special value 0xFFFF indicates that the parameter is out of range.
                            NOTE 7 – The downstream nominal aggregate transmit power may be
                            taken as a best estimate of the parameter.
                            (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream actual aggregate This parameter is the total amount of transmit power delivered by the
transmit power:             xTU-R at the U-R reference point, at the instant of measurement. The
                            attribute value ranges from 0 (–31.0 dBm ) to 620 (+31.0 dBm). The
                            special value 0xFFFF indicates that the parameter is out of range.
                            NOTE 8 – The upstream nominal aggregate transmit power may be taken
                            as a best estimate of the parameter.
                            (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Initialization – last state This parameter represents the last successful transmitted initialization
transmitted downstream:     state in the downstream direction in the last full initialization
                            performed on the line. Initialization states are defined in the
                            individual xDSL Recommendations and are counted from 0 (if
                            [ITU-T G.994.1] is used) or 1 (if [ITU-T G.994.1] is not used) up to
                            showtime. This parameter must be interpreted along with the xDSL
                            transmission system capabilities.
                                This parameter is available only when, after a failed full
                                initialization, line diagnostic procedures are activated on the line.
                                Line diagnostic procedures can be activated by the operator of the
                                system (through the line state forced line configuration parameter) or
                                autonomously by the xTU-C or xTU-R.
                                (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Initialization – last state     This parameter represents the last successful transmitted initialization
transmitted upstream:           state in the upstream direction in the last full initialization performed
                                on the line. Initialization states are defined in the individual xDSL
                                Recommendations and are counted from 0 (if [ITU-T G.994.1] is
                                used) or 1 (if [ITU-T G.994.1] is not used) up to showtime. This
                                parameter must be interpreted along with the xDSL transmission
                                system capabilities.
                                This parameter is available only when, after a failed full
                                initialization, line diagnostic procedures are activated on the line.
                                Line diagnostic procedures can be activated by the operator of the
                                system (through the line state forced line configuration parameter) or
                                autonomously by the xTU-C or xTU-R.
                                (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Get
Notifications
None.
