9.7.7    xDSL channel configuration profile
This managed entity contains the channel configuration profile for an xDSL line. An instance of this
managed entity is created and deleted by the OLT.
NOTE – If [ITU-T G.997.1] compatibility is required, bit rates should only be set to integer multiples of
1000 bit/s. The ONT may reject attempts to set other values for bit rate attributes.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of the physical
path termination point xDSL UNI.
Attributes
Managed entity id:        This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                          The value 0 is reserved. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Minimum data rate:        This parameter specifies the minimum desired net data rate for the
                          bearer channel. It is coded in bit/s. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                          (4 bytes)
Maximum data rate:        This parameter specifies the maximum desired net data rate for the
                          bearer channel. It is coded in bit/s. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory)
                          (4 bytes)
Rate adaptation ratio:    This attribute specifies the weight that should be taken into account
                          when performing rate adaptation in the direction of the bearer channel.
                          The attribute is defined as a percentage in the 0 to 100 range. The
                          value 20, for example, means that 20% of the available data rate (in
                          excess of the minimum data rate summed over all bearer channels) is
                          assigned to this bearer channel and 80% to the other bearer channels.
                          The OLT must assure that the sum of rate adaptation ratios over all
                          bearers in one direction is 100%. (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (1
                          byte)
Maximum interleaving      This attribute is the maximum one-way interleaving delay introduced by
delay:                    the PMS-TC between the alpha and the beta reference points, in the
                          direction of the bearer channel. The one-way interleaving delay is
                          defined in individual xDSL Recommendations as cap(S*D)/4 ms, where
                          S is the S factor, D is the interleaving depth, and cap() denotes rounding
                          to the next higher integer. xTUs choose S and D values such that the
                          actual one-way interleaving delay does not exceed the configured
                          maximum interleaving delay.
                          The delay is coded in ms, varying from 2 to 63, with special meaning
                          assigned to values 0, 1 and 255. The value 0 indicates no delay bound is
                          imposed. The value 1 indicates the fast latency path is to be used in the
                          G.992.1 operating mode, and S and D are to be selected such that S ≤ 1
                          and D = 1 in G.992.2, G.992.3, G.992.4, G.992.5 and G.993.2 operating
                          modes. The value 255 indicates a delay bound of 1 ms in G.993.2
                          operation. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Data rate threshold       This attribute is a threshold on the cumulative data rate upshift achieved
upshift:                  over one or more bearer channel data rate adaptations. An upshift rate
                          change (DRT up) notification is issued by the PPTP xDSL UNI part 1
                          when the actual data rate exceeds the data rate at the last entry into
                          showtime by more than the threshold. The data rate threshold is coded
                          in bit/s. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory for xDSL standards that use
                          this attribute) (4 bytes)
Data rate threshold       This attribute is a threshold on the cumulative data rate downshift
downshift:                achieved over one or more bearer channel data rate adaptations. A
                          downshift rate change (DRT down) notification is issued by the PPTP
                          xDSL UNI part 1 when the actual data rate is below the data rate at the
                          last entry into showtime by more than the threshold. The data rate
                          threshold is coded in bit/s. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory for xDSL
                          standards that use this attribute) (4 bytes)
Minimum reserved       This attribute specifies the desired minimum reserved net data rate for
data rate:             the bearer channel. The rate is coded in bit/s. This attribute is needed
                       only if the rate adaptation mode is set to dynamic in the xDSL line
                       configuration profile part 1. (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (4 bytes)
Minimum data rate in   This parameter specifies the minimum desired net data rate for the
low power state:       bearer channel during the low power state (L1/L2). The power
                       management low power states L1 and L2 are defined in
                       [b-ITU-T G.992.2] and [ITU-T G.992.3], respectively. The data rate is
                       coded in bit/s. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (4 byte)
Minimum impulse noise The INPmin attribute specifies the minimum impulse noise protection for
protection:            the bearer channel if it is transported over DMT symbols with a
                       subcarrier spacing of 4.3125 kHz. Impulse noise protection is expressed
                       in DMT symbols with a subcarrier spacing of 4.3125 kHz. It can be 1/2
                       symbol or any integer number of symbols from 0 to 16, inclusive.
                       If the xTU does not support the configured INPmin value, it uses the
                       nearest supported impulse noise protection value greater than INPmin.
                       Value           INPmin
                          1            0 symbols
                          2            1/2 symbol
                          3            1 symbol
                          4            2 symbols
                          N            (N-2) symbols, 3 ≤ N ≤ 18
                       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory for xDSL standards that use this
                       attribute) (1 byte)
Maximum bit error      This attribute specifies the desired maximum bit error ratio for the bearer
ratio:                 channel. It is only valid for [ITU-T G.992.3], [ITU-T G.992.4] and
                       [ITU-T G.992.5]. The bit error ratio is specified via the following
                       values:
                       1    10–3
                       2    10–5
                       3    10–7
                       (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory for standards that use this attribute)
                       (1 byte)
Minimum impulse noise The INPmin8 attribute specifies the minimum impulse noise protection for
protection 8 kHz:      the bearer channel if it is transported over DMT symbols with a
                       subcarrier spacing of 8.625 kHz. It is only valid for [ITU-T G.993.2].
                       Impulse noise protection is expressed in DMT symbols with a subcarrier
                       spacing of 8.625 kHz. It can take any integer value from 0 (default) to
                       16, inclusive. (R, W) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2]) (1 byte)
Maximum delay          The DVMAX attribute specifies the maximum value for delay variation
variation:             allowed in an OLR procedure. Its value ranges from 1 (0.1 ms) to 254
                       (25.4 ms). The special value 255 specifies that no delay variation bound
                       is imposed. (R, W) (optional: used by [ITU-T G.993.2]) (1 byte)
Channel initialization The CIPOLICY attribute specifies the policy to determine transceiver
policy selection:      configuration at initialization. Valid values are 0..1, as defined in the
                       Recommendations that use this attribute. (R, W) (optional) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
