9.7.15 xDSL line inventory and status data part 4
This managed entity extends the attributes defined in the xDSL line inventory and status data
parts 1, 2 and 3. This ME reports upstream attributes.
Relationships
This is one of the status data MEs pointed to by a physical path termination point xDSL managed
entity. The ONT automatically creates or deletes an instance of this managed entity upon creation or
deletion of a physical path termination point xDSL that supports these attributes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:  This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                   entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                   linked to an instance of the physical path termination point xDSL
                   managed entity. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
TSSpsus table:     This attribute contains the upstream transmit spectrum shaping
                   attributes, expressed as the set of breakpoints exchanged during
                   [ITU-T G.994.1]. Each breakpoint consists of a two-byte subcarrier
                   index and the associated shaping attribute. The shaping attribute is
                   one byte, a value in the range 0..126, representing a multiple of
                   –0.5 dB. The special value 127 indicates that the subcarrier is not
                   transmitted. (R) (mandatory) (3N bytes, where N is the number of
                   breakpoints)
HLINSCus:          This attribute is a 16-bit unsigned integer, the scale factor to be
                   applied to the upstream Hlin(f) values. It is only available after a
                   loop diagnostic procedure. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
HLINpsus table:    This attribute is an array of complex upstream Hlin(f) values in linear
                   scale. It is coded in the same way as the related downstream attribute
                   HLINpsds (see xDSL line inventory and status data part 3). This
                   attribute is only available after a loop diagnostic procedure. (R)
                   (mandatory) (4N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier groups)
HLOGMTus:          After a loop diagnostic procedure, this attribute contains the number
                   of symbols used to measure the upstream Hlog(f) values. Its value
                   corresponds to the value specified in the corresponding
                   Recommendation (e.g., the number of symbols in a 1-second interval
                   for [ITU-T G.992.3]). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
HLOGpsus table:    This attribute is an array of real upstream Hlog(f) values. It is coded
                   in the same way as the related downstream attribute HLOGpsds (see
                   xDSL line inventory and status data part 3). (R) (mandatory)
                   (2N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier groups)
QLNMTus:           After a loop diagnostic procedure, the quiet line noise PSD
                   measurement attribute contains the number of symbols used to
                   measure the upstream QLN(f) values. Its value corresponds to the
                   value specified in the Recommendation (e.g., the number of symbols
                   in a 1-second interval for [ITU-T G.992.3]). (R) (mandatory)
                   (2 bytes)
QLNpsus table:     The quiet line noise attribute represents an array of real upstream
                   QLN(f) values. It is coded in the same way as the related
                   downstream attribute QLNpsds (see xDSL line inventory and status
                   data part 3). (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, where N is the number of
                   subcarrier groups)
SNRMTus:           After a loop diagnostic procedure, the SNR measurement time
                   attribute reports the number of symbols used to measure the upstream
                   SNR(f) values. Its value corresponds to the value specified in the
                   Recommendation (e.g., the number of symbols in a 1-second interval
                   for [ITU-T G.992.3]). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
SNRpsus table:                  This attribute is an array of real upstream SNR(f) values. It is coded
                                in the same way as the related downstream attribute SNRpsds (see
                                xDSL line inventory and status data part 3). (R) (mandatory)
                                (N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier groups)
BITSpsus table:                 This attribute contains the upstream bits allocation table per
                                subcarrier. It is an array in the range 0..15 for subcarriers 0..NSus.
                                Entries for subcarriers out of the upstream medley set are set to 0. (R)
                                (mandatory) (N bytes, where N is the number of subcarriers)
GAINSpsus table:                This attribute contains the upstream gains allocation table per
                                subcarrier. It is an array in the range 0..4093 for subcarriers 0..NSus.
                                The gain is represented as a multiple of 1/512 on a linear scale.
                                Entries for subcarriers out of the upstream medley set are set to 0. (R)
                                (mandatory) (2N bytes, where N is the number of subcarriers)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
