9.7.19 xDSL channel downstream status data
This managed entity contains the xDSL channel downstream status data for an xDSL line. The ONT
automatically creates or deletes instances of this managed entity upon the creation or deletion of a
physical path termination point xDSL UNI part 1.
NOTE – [ITU-T G.997.1] specifies that bit rate attributes have granularity of 1000 bit/s. If [ITU-T G.997.1]
compliance is required, the ONT should only report values with this granularity.
Relationships
One or more instances of this managed entity is associated with an instance of a physical path
termination point xDSL UNI part 1.
Attributes
Managed entity id:              This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                entity. The two most significant bits of the first byte are the bearer
                                channel ID. Excluding the first two bits of the first byte, the
                                remaining part of the managed entity ID is identical to that of this
                                ME's parent physical path termination point xDSL UNI part 1. (R)
                                (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Actual interleaving delay:      This attribute is the actual one-way interleaving delay introduced by
                                the PMS-TC between the alpha and beta reference points, excluding
                                delay in L1 and L2 state. In L1 and L2 state, the attribute contains
                                the interleaving delay in the previous L0 state. For ADSL, this
                                attribute is derived from the S and D attributes as cap(S*D)/4 ms,
                                where S is the number of symbols per codeword, D is the
                                interleaving depth and cap() denotes rounding to the next higher
                                integer. For [ITU-T G.993.2], this attribute is computed according to
                                the formula in clause 9.7 of [ITU-T G.993.2]. The actual interleaving
                                delay is coded in ms, rounded to the nearest ms. (R) (mandatory)
                                (1 byte)
Actual data rate:               This parameter reports the actual net data rate the bearer channel is
                                operating at, excluding the rate in L1 and L2 states. In L1 or L2
                                states, the parameter contains the net data rate in the previous L0
                                state. The data rate is coded in bit/s. (R) (mandatory) (4 bytes)
Previous data rate:         This parameter reports the previous net data rate the bearer channel
                            was operating at just before the latest rate change event occurred,
                            excluding transitions between the L0 state and the L1 or L2 states. A
                            rate change can occur at a power management state transition, e.g., at
                            full or short initialization, fast retrain, or power down, or at a
                            dynamic rate adaptation. The rate is coded in bit/s (R) (mandatory)
                            (4 bytes)
Actual impulse noise        The ACTINP attribute reports the actual impulse noise protection
protection:                 (INP) on the bearer channel in the L0 state. In the L1 or L2 state, the
                            attribute contains the INP in the previous L0 state.
                            For ADSL, this value is computed according to the formula specified
                            in the relevant Recommendation based on the actual framing
                            attributes. [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2 specifies no means to retrieve
                            the impulse noise protection estimated by the xTU-R receiver.
                            Therefore, the far-end ACTINP is computed according to the
                            INP_no_erasure formula.
                            The value of this attribute is a number of DMT symbols, with a
                            granularity of 0.1 symbols. Its range is from 0 (0.0 symbols) to 254
                            (25.4 symbols). The special value 255 indicates an ACTINP higher
                            than 25.4.
                            (R) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actual size of Reed-Solomon The NFEC attribute reports the actual Reed-Solomon codeword size
codeword:                   used in the latency path in which the bearer channel is transported.
                            The value is coded in bytes and ranges from 0..255. (R) (mandatory
                            for [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2, optional for others) (1 byte)
Actual number of            The RFEC attribute reports the actual number of Reed-Solomon
Reed-Solomon redundancy redundancy bytes per codeword used in the latency path in which the
bytes:                      bearer channel is transported. The value is coded in bytes and ranges
                            from 0..16. The value 0 indicates no Reed-Solomon coding. (R)
                            (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2, optional for others)
                            (1 byte)
Actual number of bits per   The LSYMB attribute reports the actual number of bits per symbol
symbol:                     assigned to the latency path in which the bearer channel is
                            transported, excluding trellis overhead. The value is coded in bits and
                            ranges from 0..65535. (R) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2,
                            optional for others) (2 bytes)
Actual interleaving depth:  The INTLVDEPTH attribute reports the actual depth of the
                            interleaver used in the latency path in which the bearer channel is
                            transported. The value ranges from 1..4096 in steps of 1. The value 1
                            indicates no interleaving. (R) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2]
                            VDSL2, optional for others) (2 bytes)
Actual interleaving block   The INTLVBLOCK attribute reports the actual block length of the
length:                     interleaver used in the latency path in which the bearer channel is
                            transported. The value ranges from 4..255 in steps of 1. (R)
                            (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2] VDSL2, optional for others)
                            (1 byte)
                               which the bearer channel is transported. Valid values are 0..3. In
                               [ITU-T G.992.1], the fast path is mapped to latency index 0; the
                               interleaved path to index 1. (R) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2]
                               VDSL2, optional for others) (1 byte)
Actions
Get
Notifications
None.
