9.7.14 xDSL line inventory and status data part 3
This managed entity extends the attributes defined in the xDSL line inventory and status data
parts 1 and 2. This ME reports downstream attributes.
Relationships
This is one of the status MEs pointed to by a physical path termination point xDSL managed entity.
The ONT automatically creates or deletes an instance of this managed entity upon creation or
deletion of a physical path termination point xDSL that supports these attributes.
Attributes
Managed entity id:              This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                entity. Through an identical ID, this managed entity is implicitly
                                linked to an instance of the physical path termination point xDSL
                                managed entity. (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
TSSpsds table:                  This table contains downstream transmit spectrum shaping attributes
                                expressed as the set of breakpoints exchanged during
                                [ITU-T G.994.1]. Each breakpoint consists of a two-byte subcarrier
                                index and the associated shaping attribute. The shaping attribute is
                                one byte, an integer value in the 0 to 126 range, represented as a
                                multiple of –0.5 dB. The special value 127 indicates that the
                                subcarrier is not transmitted. (R) (mandatory) (3N bytes, where N is
                                the number of breakpoints)
HLINSCds:       This attribute is the scale factor to be applied to the downstream
                Hlin(f) values. It is coded as a 16-bit unsigned integer. This attribute
                is only available after a loop diagnostic procedure. (R) (mandatory)
                (2 bytes)
HLINpsds table: This attribute is an array of complex coefficients {a, b} that represent
                the downstream transfer function Hlin(f) in linear form. Each array
                entry represents Hlin(f ) = i*HLINGds*Δf for a particular subcarrier
                group index i, ranging from 0 to min(NSds, 511). Hlin(f) may be
                reconstructed from the array as ((HLINSCds/215)*((a(i) +
                j*b(i))/215)), where a(i) and b(i) are 2s complement integers in the
                range (–215 + 1) to (+215 – 1). The granularity of a and b depends on
                the scale factor.
                The special value a(i) = b(i) = –215 indicates that no measurement
                could be done for this subcarrier group because it is out of the
                passband or that the attenuation is out of range to be represented.
                This attribute is only available after a loop diagnostic procedure. (R)
                (mandatory) (4N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier groups)
HLOGMTds:       After a loop diagnostic procedure, this attribute contains the number
                of symbols used to measure the downstream Hlog(f) values. It is a
                16-bit unsigned value that corresponds to the value specified in the
                corresponding Recommendation (e.g., the number of symbols in a
                one-second interval for [ITU-T G.992.3]). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
HLOGpsds table: The HLOGpsds attribute contains an array of numbers m(i), where i
                is a particular subcarrier group index, ranging from 0 to min(NSds,
                511), and m lies in the range 0..1022, with a granularity of 0.1 dB.
                The downstream transfer function Hlog(f) can be reconstructed by
                the OLT management client as (6 – m(i)/10) dBm/Hz, with a range
                from +6 to approximately –96 dBm/Hz.
                The special value m = 1023 indicates that no measurement could be
                done for this subcarrier group because it is out of the passband or that
                the attenuation is out of range to be represented.
                (R) (mandatory) (2N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier
                groups)
QLNMTds:        After a loop diagnostic procedure, the quiet line noise PSD
                measurement time attribute contains the number of symbols used to
                measure the downstream QLN(f) values. It is a 16-bit unsigned value
                that corresponds to the value specified in the Recommendation (e.g.,
                the number of symbols in a one-second interval for
                [ITU-T G.992.3]). (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
QLNpsds table:  The quiet line noise PSD attribute contains an array of numbers n(i),
                where i is a subcarrier group index, ranging from 0 to min(NSds,
                511), and n lies in the range 0..254, with granularity 0.5 dB. The
                downstream quiet line noise function QLN(f ) can be reconstructed
                by the OLT management client as (–23 – n(i)/2) dBm/Hz, with a
                range from –150 to –23 dBm/Hz.
                                The special value n = 255 indicates that no measurement could be
                                done for this subcarrier group because it is out of the passband or that
                                the noise PSD is out of range to be represented.
                                (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier
                                groups)
SNRMTds:                        After a loop diagnostic procedure, the SNR measurement time
                                attribute contains the number of symbols used to measure the
                                downstream SNR(f) values. It is a 16-bit unsigned value that
                                corresponds to the value specified in the Recommendation (e.g., the
                                number of symbols in a one-second interval for [ITU-T G.992.3]).
                                (R) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
SNRpsds table:                  The SNRpsds attribute contains an array of numbers snr(i), where i is
                                a subcarrier group index, ranging from 0 to min(NSds, 511), and snr
                                lies in the range 0..254, with a granularity of 0.5 dB. The
                                downstream SNR function SNR(f), can be reconstructed by the OLT
                                management client as (–32 + snr(i)/2) dBm/Hz, with a range from
                                –160 to –32 dBm/Hz.
                                The special value snr = 255 indicates that no measurement could be
                                done for this subcarrier group because it is out of the passband or that
                                the noise PSD is out of range to be represented.
                                (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, where N is the number of subcarrier
                                groups)
BITSpsds table:                 This attribute reports the downstream bits allocation table per
                                subcarrier. It is an array of values in the range 0..15 for subcarriers
                                0..NSds. Entries for subcarriers out of the downstream medley set are
                                set to 0. (R) (mandatory) (N bytes, where N is the number of
                                subcarriers)
GAINSpsds table:                This attribute contains the downstream gain allocation table per
                                subcarrier. It is an array of integer values in the range 0..4093 for
                                subcarriers 0..NSds. The gain is represented as a multiple of 1/512 on
                                a linear scale. Entries for subcarriers out of the downstream medley
                                set are set to 0. (R) (mandatory) (2N bytes, where N is the number of
                                subcarriers)
Actions
Get, get next
Notifications
None.
