9.7.11 xDSL downstream RFI bands profile
This managed entity contains the downstream RFI bands profile for an xDSL line. Instances of this
managed entity are created and deleted by the OLT.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of the physical
path termination point xDSL UNI.
Attributes
Managed entity id:          This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                            The value 0 is reserved. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                            Downstream RFI bands The RFIBANDS attribute is a table where each entry comprises:
table:                      •        An entry number field. (1 byte, first entry numbered 1)
                            •        Subcarrier index 1 field. (2 bytes)
                            •        Subcarrier index 2 field. (2 bytes)
                            For [ITU-T G.992.5], this configuration attribute defines the subset of
                            downstream PSD mask breakpoints, as specified in the downstream PSD
                            mask, to be used to notch an RFI band. This subset consists of couples
                            of consecutive subcarrier indices belonging to breakpoints: [ti; ti+1],
                            corresponding to the low level of the notch. Interpolation around these
                            points is defined in [ITU-T G.992.5].
                            For [ITU-T G.993.2], this attribute defines the bands where the PSD is
                            to be reduced as specified in clause 7.2.1.2 of [ITU-T G.993.2]. Each
                            band is represented by start and stop subcarrier indices with a subcarrier
                            spacing of 4.3125 kHz. Up to 16 bands may be specified. This attribute
                            defines the RFI bands for both upstream and downstream directions.
                            Entries have default value 0 for both subcarrier index 1 and subcarrier
                            index 2. Table entries for this attribute are added or modified using the
                            set action. Setting an entry with a non-zero subcarrier index 1 and
                            subcarrier index 2 implies insertion into the table or replacement of an
                            existing entry. Setting an entry's subcarrier index 1 and subcarrier
                            index 2 to 0 implies deletion from the table, if present.
                            (R, W) (mandatory) (5N bytes where N is the number of RFI bands)
Bands valid:                This Boolean attribute controls and reports the operational status of the
                            downstream RFI bands table.
                            If this attribute is true (1), the downstream RFI bands table has been
                            impressed on the DSL equipment.
                            If this attribute is false (0), the downstream RFI bands table has not been
                            impressed on the DSL equipment. The default value is false.
                            This attribute can be modified by the ONT and OLT, as follows:
                            •         If the OLT changes any of the RFI bands table entries or sets
                                      bands valid false, then bands valid is false.
                            •         If bands valid is false and OLT sets bands valid true, the ONT
                                      impresses the downstream RFI bands data onto the DSL
                                      equipment.
                                      (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
