9.7.3    xDSL line configuration profile part 1
The overall xDSL line configuration profile is modelled in several parts, all of which are associated
together through a common managed entity id (the client physical path termination point xDSL UNI
part 1 has a single pointer, which refers to the entire set of line configuration profile parts).
Be aware that a number of attributes in the line configuration profile family affect the real-time
service delivery of an xDSL UNI, for example by triggering diagnostics. Despite the fact that they
are called profiles, it may be advisable to instantiate a complete set of these MEs for each PPTP
xDSL UNI.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of the physical
path termination point xDSL UNI.
Attributes
Managed entity id:                This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                  entity. The value 0 is reserved. All xDSL and VDSL2 line
                                  configuration profiles that pertain to a given physical path
                                  termination point xDSL must share a common managed entity id.
                                  (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
xTU transmission system           This configuration attribute specifies the transmission system
enabling (xTSE):                  coding types to be allowed by the near-end xTU. It is a bit map as
                                  defined in Table 9.7.12-1.
                                  NOTE 1 – An additional byte enabling VDSL2 capabilities is defined in
                                  the VDSL2 transmission system enabling attribute of the xDSL line
                                  configuration profile part 2 managed entity.
                                  (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (7 bytes)
Power management state         This configuration parameter forces the line state of the near-end
forced:                        xTU. It is coded as an integer value with following definition:
                               0     Force the line from the L3 idle state to the L0 full-on state.
                                     This transition requires the short initialization procedures.
                                     After reaching the L0 state, the line may enter into or exit
                                     from the L2 low power state if the L2 state is enabled. If the
                                     L0 state is not reached after a vendor-discretionary number of
                                     retries and/or within a vendor-discretionary timeout, an
                                     initialization failure occurs. Whenever the line is in the L3
                                     state, it attempts to transition to the L0 state until it is forced
                                     into another state through this configuration parameter.
                               2     Force the line from the L0 full-on to L2 low power state. This
                                     is an out-of-service test value for triggering the L2 mode.
                               3     Force the line from the L0 full-on or L2 low power state to
                                     the L3 idle state. This transition requires the orderly
                                     shutdown procedure. After reaching the L3 state, the line
                                     remains there until it is forced into another state through this
                                     configuration parameter.
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Power management state         This configuration parameter specifies the line states into which
enabling:                      the xTU-C or xTU-R may autonomously go. It is a bit map (0 if
                               not allowed, 1 if allowed) with the following definition:
                               Bit 1 (LSB):        L3 idle state.
                               Bit 2:              L1/L2 low power state.
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Downstream target noise        This attribute specifies the noise margin the xTU-R receiver must
margin:                        achieve, relative to the BER requirement for each of the
                               downstream bearer channels, to successfully complete
                               initialization. Its value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB).
                               (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream target noise margin:  This attribute specifies the noise margin the xTU-C receiver must
                               achieve, relative to the BER requirement for each of the upstream
                               bearer channels, to successfully complete initialization. Its value
                               ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB). (R, W, Set-by-create)
                               (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream maximum noise This attribute specifies the maximum noise margin the xTU-R
margin:                        receiver tries to sustain. If the noise margin is above this level, the
                               xTU-R requests the xTU-C to reduce its transmit power, if this
                               functionality is supported. Its value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310
                               (31.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates that the maximum
                               noise margin limit is unbounded. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                               (mandatory) (2 bytes)
margin:                    receiver tries to sustain. If the noise margin is above this level, the
                           xTU-C requests the xTU-R to reduce its transmit power, if this
                           functionality is supported. Its value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310
                           (31.0 dB). The special value 0xFFFF indicates that the maximum
                           noise margin limit is unbounded. (R, W, Set-by-create)
                           (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream minimum noise   This attribute specifies the minimum noise margin the xTU-R
margin:                    receiver must tolerate. If the noise margin falls below this level,
                           the xTU-R requests the xTU-C to increase its transmit power. If an
                           increase in xTU-C transmit power is not possible, a loss-of-margin
                           (LOM) defect occurs, the xTU-R fails and attempts to re-initialize,
                           and the PPTP declares a line initialization failure (LINIT) alarm.
                           Its value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB). (R, W,
                           Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Upstream minimum noise     This attribute specifies the minimum noise margin the xTU-C
margin:                    receiver must tolerate. If the noise margin falls below this level,
                           the xTU-C requests the xTU-R to increase its transmit power. If an
                           increase in xTU-R transmit power is not possible, a loss-of-margin
                           (LOM) defect occurs, the xTU-C fails and attempts to re-initialize,
                           and the PPTP declares a line initialization failure (LINIT) alarm.
                           Its value ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB). (R, W,
                           Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
Downstream rate adaptation This attribute specifies the mode of operation of a rate-adaptive
mode:                      xTU-C in the transmit direction. The parameter can take three
                           values.
                           1 Mode 1: MANUAL – Rate changed manually.
                                   At startup:
                                   The downstream minimum data rate parameter (see xDSL
                                   channel config profile) specifies the minimum required
                                   data rate for each downstream bearer channel, with a
                                   downstream noise margin that is at least as large as the
                                   specified downstream target noise margin, relative to the
                                   required BER for each of the downstream bearer channels.
                                   If the xTU-C fails to achieve the downstream minimum
                                   data rate for any of the bearer channels, the xTU-C fails to
                                   initialize and the PPTP declares a line initialization failure
                                   (LINIT) alarm. Although the xTU-C and the line might be
                                   able to support a higher data rate, the xTU-C does not
                                   transmit a higher data rate than is requested.
                                   At showtime:
                                   The xTU-C transmitter maintains the specified downstream
                                   minimum data rate for each of the bearer channels.
                           2 Mode 2: AT_INIT – Rate automatically selected at startup
                           only; rate does not change after that.
                                    At startup:
                                    The downstream minimum rate parameter specifies the
                                    minimum required data rate for each downstream bearer
                                    channel, with a downstream noise margin that is at least as
                                    large as the specified downstream target noise margin,
                                    relative to the required BER for each of the bearer
                                    channels. If the xTU-C fails to achieve the downstream
                                    minimum data rate for any of the bearer channels, the
                                    xTU-C fails to initialize and the PPTP declares a line
                                    initialization failure (LINIT) alarm. If the xTU-C
                                    transmitter is able to support a higher downstream data rate
                                    at initialization, the excess data rate is distributed among
                                    the downstream bearer channels according to the weight
                                    specified by the rate adaptation ratio parameter of each
                                    bearer channel. When the downstream maximum data rate
                                    is achieved in one of the bearer channels, the remaining
                                    excess rate is assigned to the other bearer channels, still
                                    according to their relative rate adaptation ratio parameters.
                                    As long as the downstream data rate is below the
                                    downstream maximum data rate for one of the bearer
                                    channels, data rate increase takes priority over transmit
                                    power reduction.
                                    At showtime:
                                    During showtime, no downstream data rate adaptation is
                                    allowed. The downstream data rate, determined during
                                    initialization for each bearer channel, is maintained.
                           3 Mode 3: DYNAMIC – Data rate is automatically selected at
                           initialization and is continuously adapted during showtime. The
                           dynamic rate adaptation mode is optional. All related
                           configuration parameters are also optional.
                                    At startup:
                                    The xTU-C starts up as in mode 2.
                                    At showtime:
                                    During showtime, rate adaptation is allowed according to
                                    the rate adaptation ratios for distributing the excess data
                                    rate amongst the bearer channels, as described in mode 2.
                                    The downstream data rate can vary between the
                                    downstream minimum data rate and the downstream
                                    maximum data rate. Downstream rate adaptation is
                                    performed when the conditions specified for downstream
                                    upshift noise margin and downstream upshift interval – or
                                    for downstream downshift noise margin and downstream
                                    downshift interval – are satisfied. This means:
                                    •      An upshift action is allowed when the downstream
                                           noise margin is above the downstream upshift noise
                                           margin during the downstream minimum time
                                           interval for upshift rate adaptation (i.e., upon RAU
                                           anomaly).
                                     •     A downshift action is allowed when the downstream
                                           noise margin is below the downstream downshift
                                           noise margin during the downstream minimum time
                                           interval for downshift rate adaptation (i.e., upon RAD
                                           anomaly).
                                     As long as the downstream data rate is below the
                                     downstream maximum data rate for one of the bearer
                                     channels, data rate increase takes priority over transmit
                                     power reduction.
                                     (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Upstream rate adaptation     This attribute specifies the mode of operation of a rate-adaptive
mode:                        xTU-R in the transmit direction. The parameter is used only if
                             rate-adaptive functionality is supported. It can take three values:
                             1 MANUAL.
                             2 AT_INIT.
                             3 DYNAMIC.
                             The definition of each of the values is identical to its definition in
                             the downstream rate adaptation mode (replacing xTU-C with
                             xTU-R and downstream with upstream). (R, W, Set-by-create)
                             (mandatory) (1 byte)
Downstream upshift noise     If the downstream noise margin is above the downstream upshift
margin:                      noise margin and remains there for more than the time specified
                             by the downstream minimum upshift rate adaptation interval, the
                             xTU-R attempts to increase the downstream net data rate. This
                             attribute ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB). (R, W,
                             Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Upstream upshift noise       If the upstream noise margin is above the upstream upshift noise
margin:                      margin and remains there for more than the time specified by the
                             upstream minimum upshift rate adaptation interval, the xTU-C
                             attempts to increase the upstream net data rate. This attribute
                             ranges from 0 (0.0 dB) to 310 (31.0 dB). (R, W, Set-by-create)
                             (optional) (2 bytes)
Upstream PSD mask selection:  This attribute enables one of several upstream PSD masks. It is
                             used only for Annexes J and M of [ITU-T G.992.3] and
                             [ITU-T G.992.5]. The same mask selection applies to all relevant
                             modes enabled in the xTSE line configuration parameter
                             (Table 9.7.12-1). This attribute selects the mask with the following
                             definition:
                                        Annex J of G.992.3/5        Annex M of G.992.3/5
                                  1             ADLU-32                        EU-32
                                  2             ADLU-36                        EU-36
                                  3             ADLU-40                        EU-40
                                  4             ADLU-44                        EU-44
                                  5             ADLU-48                        EU-48
                                  6             ADLU-52                        EU-52
                                  7             ADLU-56                        EU-56
                                  8             ADLU-60                        EU-60
                                  9             ADLU-64                        EU-64
                                  (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Minimum overhead rate             This attribute specifies the minimum rate of the message based
upstream:                         overhead to be maintained by the xTU in the upstream direction.
                                  MSGMINus ranges from 4000 to 248 000 bit/s. This attribute is
                                  only       valid      for      [ITU-T G.992.3],       [ITU-T G.992.4],
                                  [ITU-T G.992.5] and [ITU-T G.993.2].
                                  NOTE 2 – For compatibility with previous versions, values between
                                  4000 and 65535 are interpreted as bits per second. To align with
                                  [ITU-T G.997.1], values between 4 and 248 are interpreted as kilobits
                                  per second. For maximum flexibility, the ONT should support both
                                  conventions.
                                  (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Minimum overhead rate             This attribute specifies the minimum rate of the message based
downstream:                       overhead to be maintained by the xTU in the downstream
                                  direction. MSGMINds ranges from 4000 to 248 000 bit/s. This
                                  attribute is only valid for [ITU-T G.992.3], [ITU-T G.992.4],
                                  [ITU-T G.992.5] and [ITU-T G.993.2].
                                  NOTE 3 – For compatibility with previous versions, values between
                                  4000 and 65535 are interpreted as bits per second. To align with
                                  [ITU-T G.997.1], values between 4 and 248 are interpreted as kilobits
                                  per second. For maximum flexibility, the ONT should support both
                                  conventions.
                                  (R, W, Set-by-create) (optional) (2 bytes)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
