9.7.10 xDSL PSD mask profile
This managed entity contains a PSD mask profile for an xDSL line. An instance of this managed
entity is created and deleted by the OLT.
NOTE 1 – This managed entity was previously known as ADSL downstream PSD mask profile. The name
was changed so that the same managed entity could be used for both upstream and downstream.
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of the physical
path termination point xDSL UNI.
Attributes
Managed entity id:       This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed entity.
                         The value 0 is reserved. (R, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (2 bytes)
PSD mask table:          This attribute is a table that defines the PSD mask applicable at the U-C2
                         reference point (downstream) or the U-R2 reference point (upstream).
                         This mask may impose PSD restrictions in addition to the limit PSD mask
                         defined in the relevant Recommendations ([ITU-T G.992.5],
                         [ITU-T G.993.2]).
                         NOTE 2 – In [ITU-T G.997.1], this attribute is called PSDMASKds
                         (downstream) and PSDMASKus (upstream). In [ITU-T G.993.2], this attribute is
                         called MIBMASKds (downstream) and MIBMASKus (upstream). The
                         [ITU-T G.993.2] MIBMASKus does not include breakpoints to shape US0.
                         The PSD mask is specified through a set of breakpoints. Each breakpoint
                         comprises a two-byte subcarrier index t, with a subcarrier spacing of
                         4.3125 kHz, and a one-byte PSD mask level at that subcarrier. The set of
                         breakpoints can then be represented as [(t1, PSD1), (t2, PSD2), … ,
                         (tN, PSDN)]. The PSD mask level is coded as 0 (0.0 dBm/Hz) to 190
                         (–95.0 dBm/Hz), in steps of 0.5 dB.
                         The maximum number of downstream breakpoints is 32. In the upstream
                         direction, the maximum number of breakpoints is 4 for [ITU-T G.992.3]
                         and 16 for [ITU-T G.993.2]. The requirements for a valid set of
                         breakpoints are defined in the relevant Recommendations
                         ([ITU-T G.992.3], [ITU-T G.992.5], [ITU-T G.993.2]).
                         Each table entry in this attribute comprises:
                         •        An entry number field. (1 byte, first entry numbered 1)
                         •        A subcarrier index field, denoted t. (2 bytes)
                         •        A PSD mask level field. (1 byte)
                         By default, the PSD mask table is empty. Entries are added or modified
                         using the set action, which permits from one to as many as seven
                         breakpoints to be addressed in a single message (Note 3). Setting a
                         subcarrier entry with a valid PSD mask level implies insertion into the
                         table or replacement of an existing entry. Setting an entry's PSD mask
                         level to 0xFF implies deletion from the table.
                         NOTE 3 – OMCI does not provide robust exception handling when more than
                         one entry is included in a set command, and multiple values per set operation are
                         not recommended.
                         (R, W) (mandatory) (4N bytes where N is the number of breakpoints)
Mask valid:              This Boolean attribute controls and reports the status of the PSD mask
                         attribute.
                         As a status report, the value false (0) indicates that the PSD mask
                         represented in this ME has not been impressed on the DSL equipment.
                         The value true (1) indicates that the PSD mask represented in this ME has
                         been impressed on the DSL equipment.
                          This attribute behaves as follows:
                          •        If the OLT changes any of the PSD mask table entries or sets
                                   mask valid false, then mask valid is false.
                          •        If mask valid is false and the OLT sets mask valid true, the ONT
                                   impresses the PSD mask data on the DSL equipment.
                                   (R, W) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, get next, set
Notifications
None.
