9.7.5    xDSL line configuration profile part 3
The overall xDSL line configuration profile is modelled in several parts, all of which are associated
together through a common managed entity id (the client physical path termination point xDSL UNI
part 1 has a single pointer, which refers to the entire set of line configuration profile parts).
Relationships
An instance of this managed entity may be associated with zero or more instances of the physical
path termination point xDSL UNI part 1.
Attributes
Managed entity id:                This attribute uniquely identifies each instance of this managed
                                  entity. All xDSL and VDSL2 line configuration profiles that
                                  pertain to a given physical path termination point xDSL must
                                  share a common managed entity id. (R, Set-by-create)
                                  (mandatory) (2 bytes)
                                  Loop diagnostics mode forced This configuration parameter forces the line into loop diagnostic
(LDSF):                           mode via the xTU-C. It is only valid for [ITU-T G.992.3],
                                  [ITU-T G.992.4] and [ITU-T G.992.5]. It is defined as follows:
                                  0    Inhibits the xTU-C from performing loop diagnostic mode
                                       procedures on the line. Loop diagnostic mode procedures may
                                       still be initiated by the xTU-R.
                                  1    Forces the xTU-C to perform the loop diagnostics procedures.
                                  Only while the line power management state is L3 can the line be
                                  forced into loop diagnostic mode. When loop diagnostic
                                  procedures complete successfully, the ONT resets this attribute to
                                  0. The line remains in L3 idle state. The loop diagnostics data are
                                  available at least until the line is forced to the L0 state. As long as
                                  loop diagnostic procedures have not completed successfully,
                                  attempts are made to do so, until the loop diagnostic mode is no
                                  longer forced on the line through this configuration parameter. If
                                  loop diagnostic procedures cannot be completed successfully after
                                  a vendor-discretionary number of retries and/or within a
                                  vendor-discretionary timeout, then an initialization failure occurs.
                                  (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Automode cold start forced:       This attribute is defined to improve testing of the performance of
                                  xTUs supporting automode. Valid values are 0 and 1. A change in
                                  value of this attribute indicates a change in loop conditions applied
                                  to the devices under test. The xTUs reset any historical
                                  information used for automode, for shortening G.994.1 handshake,
                                  or for shortening the initialization procedure.
                                  are enabled in xTSE Table 9.7.12-1 and where the selection of the
                                  operation mode to be used for transmission depends, not only on
                                  the common capabilities of both xTUs (as exchanged in
                                  [ITU-T G.994.1]), but also on achievable data rates under given
                                  loop conditions. (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory if automode
                                  supported) (1 byte)
L2-ATPR:                          This parameter specifies the maximum aggregate transmit power
                                  reduction that can be performed in the L2 request (i.e., at the
                                  transition of L0 to L2 state) or through a single power trim in the
                                  L2 state. It is only valid for [ITU-T G.992.3], [ITU-T G.992.4]
                                  and [ITU-T G.992.5]. This attribute ranges from 0 (0 dB) dB to 31
                                  (31 dB). (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
L2-ATPRT:                         This parameter specifies the total maximum aggregate transmit
                                  power reduction (in dB) that can be performed in an L2 state. This
                                  is the sum of all reductions of L2 requests (i.e., at transitions from
                                  L0 to L2 state) and power trims. This attribute ranges from 0 (0
                                  dB) dB to 31 (31 dB). (R, W, Set-by-create) (mandatory) (1 byte)
Force INP downstream:             When set to 1, this attribute forces the framer settings of all
                                  downstream bearer channels to be selected such that the impulse
                                  noise protection computed according to the formula specified in
                                  the relevant Recommendation is greater than or equal to the
                                  minimal impulse noise protection requirement. The default value 0
                                  disables this function. (R, W) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2])
                                  (1 byte)
Force INP upstream:               When set to 1, this attribute forces the framer settings of all
                                  upstream bearer channels to be selected such that the impulse
                                  noise protection computed according to the formula specified in
                                  the relevant Recommendation is greater than or equal to the
                                  minimal impulse noise protection requirement. The default value 0
                                  disables this function. (R, W) (mandatory for [ITU-T G.993.2])
                                  (1 byte)
Actions
Create, delete, get, set
Notifications
None.
